Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore.
He is on a boat.
Another girl is holding the reign.
There are trees and a lake behind him.
There is green grass under his feet and green leaves in the background.
There is grass and foliage behind him.
She's wearing a red shirt and striped shorts.
The sign is Universal Pictures.
There are trees and mountains in the background.
A portrait is behind him.
In the background there is a blue car and two trees.
There is a car going the other direction in the background.
She is wearing a pink top.
The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains.
The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow.
The computer on a desk in a house.
There are several other males in the background as well as several light up signs above them.
There are other guys in the background.
Across the four way intersection are two yellow cabs, a minivan, and a row of buildings.
There is a can of soda on the table and a whiteboard in the background.
There is an object in front of her.
There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them.
He is wearing a white shirt and talking on his cell phone.
A large bowling alley with lots of lighting and vending machine across the back of the bowling alley.
In the background the bowling alley is nearly empty.
There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall.
She is wearing a red coat.
The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people.
There is a white wall and blue chairs.
His horse is running.
He is on a grass field that extends into the background.
The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle.
There is a picture behind him and a music stand in front of him.
There is a music stand in front of him, and a wall painting mural behind him.
There is sheet music in front of him and a painting on the wall in the background.
2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background.
Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background.
The room has wood floors, white walls, and there is a plant off to the left.
There are hardwood floors and a plant on a stand in the background.
One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks.
He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops.
Sand, a storefront with a red awning, and throngs of people are in the background.
There are tables and red chairs behind him.
There is a wooden shelf on the left and some more books in the background.
There is a table with a laptop on it in a small room painted brown.
There is another runner behind him.
A dinning room setting with dishes and glass in the china cabinet.
There is a display case with glasses and china in the background.
There are trees and street signs around them.
It's covered with trees.
There is map on an easle.
Other people are riding behind him.
She is sitting down and he is standing up.
He sits on a blue sofa.
There are bright blue cushions.
There are cushions around him and a wooden chair behind him.
People are posing for him.
A living room area with a plaid like sofa trimmed in wood and a mirror in the corner.
They have numbers attached to the front of their clothes.
There are spectators and trees in the background.
The gray wall meets the gray rug.
He is seated on red carpet leaning against a greenish grey wall.
There are people sitting down around tables.
He race track is behind me.
There are autumn colored trees in the background.
Large rocky cliffs with trees growing here and there and water down below, possibly someone would jump off the cliff into the water.
There are trees in the background.
It is the evening time and the sky is dark.
It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him.
There are several cars in the background.
A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot.
There are some buildings in the background.
There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her.
A man taking pictures while standing in the ocean.
She is standing on a brick road.
There is a tiled floor beneath her.
She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it.
A walk way with windows on both sides possibly crossing over a street.
She is wearing a pink shirt.
An action figure is sitting near him.
He is on a beach, sitting on a blanket on the sand, trees are in the background.
He is in an Internet cafe.
Parked vehicles line both sides of the street behind her.
A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans.
In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score.
Another member of his team can be seen running behind him.
He is making a foolish choice.
It is too dark to see through the windows of the car.
He is driving in his car and wearing a grey long sleeved shirt.
The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars.
At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently.
There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls.
There is a white wall behind him.
He is concentrating on the pages of a book in front of him.
There are petals next to her.
There are bushes around her and a wall.
He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone.
He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance.
There is cold looking sand and water.
He is wearing a pair of glasses.
A tall glass with a straw can be seen in the foreground.

