A man on a boat is taking a picture. Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore. (0)
A man is taking a picture. He is on a boat. (1)
A small girl is on a horse. Another girl is holding the reign. (2)
There is a man running towards the camera wearing an orange shirt. There are trees and a lake behind him. (3)
A man is running. There is green grass under his feet and green leaves in the background. (4)
A man is running a race. There is grass and foliage behind him. (5)
A little girl is running on grass. She's wearing a red shirt and striped shorts. (6)
A man is standing in front of a sign. The sign is Universal Pictures. (7)
A small girl is riding a horse. There are trees and mountains in the background. (8)
A small child is talking on the phone. A portrait is behind him. (9)
A man is riding a motorcycle. In the background there is a blue car and two trees. (10)
A man is riding a bike. There is a car going the other direction in the background. (11)
A woman is running. She is wearing a pink top. (12)
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field. The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains. (13)
There is a child running in the snow. The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow. (14)
A woman is working on a computer. The computer on a desk in a house. (15)
This is a picture of a man in a green shirt taking a picture with his camera. There are several other males in the background as well as several light up signs above them. (16)
A man is taking a picture. There are other guys in the background. (17)
A man and a little girl are holding hands about to walk across a street. Across the four way intersection are two yellow cabs, a minivan, and a row of buildings. (18)
A man is on his laptop. There is a can of soda on the table and a whiteboard in the background. (19)
A young girl is on her computer. There is an object in front of her. (20)
There is a woman riding on dirt trail atop a brown horse looking back at the camera. There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them. (21)
A man is in a bowling alley. He is wearing a white shirt and talking on his cell phone. (22)
A person getting ready to throw a bright green bowling ball while talking on the telephone. A large bowling alley with lots of lighting and vending machine across the back of the bowling alley. (23)
There is a man holding a bowling ball in a bowling alley while talking on a cell phone. In the background the bowling alley is nearly empty. (24)
A woman and a man are reading books. There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall. (25)
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat. (26)
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people. (27)
Two girls are in an orchestra. There is a white wall and blue chairs. (28)
A man is playing polo. His horse is running. (29)
A man on a brown horse is playing polo. He is on a grass field that extends into the background. (30)
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle. (31)
A man is playing a musical instrument. There is a picture behind him and a music stand in front of him. (32)
A man plays an instrument. There is a music stand in front of him, and a wall painting mural behind him. (33)
A man is playing a large wooden flute. There is sheet music in front of him and a painting on the wall in the background. (34)
A man is working at a computer. 2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background. (35)
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background. (36)
This is a picture of a person sitting in a leather chair holding a camera. The room has wood floors, white walls, and there is a plant off to the left. (37)
A woman is using a camera. There are hardwood floors and a plant on a stand in the background. (38)
There are 3 people on the beach. One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks. (39)
This is a picture of a man riding a bike. He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops. (40)
A person is riding a bike down a path. Sand, a storefront with a red awning, and throngs of people are in the background. (41)
A man is playing a pink guitar. There are tables and red chairs behind him. (42)
A baby is sitting in a chair reading a book. There is a wooden shelf on the left and some more books in the background. (43)
There are several people in chairs and a small child watching one of them play a trumpet. There is a table with a laptop on it in a small room painted brown. (44)
A boy is running a race in the city. There is another runner behind him. (45)
A small group of students playing a very large musical instrument. A dinning room setting with dishes and glass in the china cabinet. (46)
There is a boy and two girls practicing the cello. There is a display case with glasses and china in the background. (47)
Three people take a stroll down a path. There are trees and street signs around them. (48)
People are walking through an an alley. It's covered with trees. (49)
There are people using the computers. There is map on an easle. (50)
A man is riding his bike. Other people are riding behind him. (51)
A woman is reading a child a book. She is sitting down and he is standing up. (52)
A child reads a book. He sits on a blue sofa. (53)
A toddler is looking at a book. There are bright blue cushions. (54)
A little boy is reading a book. There are cushions around him and a wooden chair behind him. (55)
A man is taking a picture. People are posing for him. (56)
A person siting on a sofa using a laptop. A living room area with a plaid like sofa trimmed in wood and a mirror in the corner. (57)
People are running a race. They have numbers attached to the front of their clothes. (58)
3 people are running a race. There are spectators and trees in the background. (59)
The boy on the phone sits along the wall. The gray wall meets the gray rug. (60)
A young man is talking on the phone. He is seated on red carpet leaning against a greenish grey wall. (61)
There is a man standing and playing an instrument. There are people sitting down around tables. (62)
A man is playing his instruments. He race track is behind me. (63)
A person on a black horse jumping a gate. There are autumn colored trees in the background. (64)
A man standing on a huge boulder doing different moves. Large rocky cliffs with trees growing here and there and water down below, possibly someone would jump off the cliff into the water. (65)
A man is jumping off a ledge. There are trees in the background. (66)
A snowboarder is jumpid in mid air. It is the evening time and the sky is dark. (67)
A man is snowboarding in winter clothes. It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him. (68)
A boy is playing the drums. There are several cars in the background. (69)
A band with mainly drums and cymbals. A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot. (70)
A woman is jogging on the beach with a dog. There are some buildings in the background. (71)
A woman is standing in a well lit room of a house. There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her. (72)
A man and a boy getting their pictures taken while on a rock. A man taking pictures while standing in the ocean. (73)
A woman is taking a photo. She is standing on a brick road. (74)
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her. (75)
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it. (76)
A person walking in a walkover carrying shopping bags. A walk way with windows on both sides possibly crossing over a street. (77)
A woman is looking at a piece of paper. She is wearing a pink shirt. (78)
A man is sitting at a computer. An action figure is sitting near him. (79)
A man is reading a book. He is on a beach, sitting on a blanket on the sand, trees are in the background. (80)
A man is in deep thought. He is in an Internet cafe. (81)
A young blond female is crossing the street with a phone against her ear. Parked vehicles line both sides of the street behind her. (82)
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans. (83)
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score. (84)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (85)
The man in the gray sweater is talking on the phone while he is driving. He is making a foolish choice. (86)
There is a man on a cellphone in his car. It is too dark to see through the windows of the car. (87)
A young man is talking on his cell phone. He is driving in his car and wearing a grey long sleeved shirt. (88)
A little girl is learning how to ride a bike. The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars. (89)
The lady reads the happily reads a recipe. At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently. (90)
A young man is talking on a phone by an open window. There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls. (91)
A little boy is looking at a book. There is a white wall behind him. (92)
A little boy wearing a blue jacket is seated at a table. He is concentrating on the pages of a book in front of him. (93)
A little girl is playing in the grass. There are petals next to her. (94)
A little girl sitting and appears to be pouring water on her feet. There are bushes around her and a wall. (95)
A man making a speak at a podium. He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone. (96)
A man is jumping off of a stone bench. He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance. (97)
A boy is walking on a beach. There is cold looking sand and water. (98)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is wearing a pair of glasses. (99)
A young female is seated at a table, looking at a glossy magazine. A tall glass with a straw can be seen in the foreground. (100)
 (101)
