Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room.
To the right and left are patches of grass and behind are a lot of green trees.
She is riding on a trail.
It is sunny out and there are trees behind her.
She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors.
It is a sunny day with some shade and the grass is green.
The background is dark but there are clearly some trees.
The American flag is blowing in the wind.
In the back ground there is a large universal studios globe.
She is in her living room with a picture on the wall behind her.
He is wearing a hat.
There are tall buildings in the background.
There is a brick road and buildings in the background.
A car and trees are in the background.
There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background.
She is next to a wall with vegetation growing on the ground.
She is next to a building with plants growing at its base.
He is sitting a chair in a room which also has a couch in it.
There is a couch next to the love seat he is sitting in.
They are wearing a purple helmet.
There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background.
They are on a beach during the day.
There are snow covered trees in the background.
A man with a drink and two men in red shirts are in the background.
There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background.
There's another person with a red shirt.
There is a whiteboard beside him on the wall and a plate and drink in front of the laptop on the wooden table.
There is an orange wall and a white door behind them.
There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her.
Another person is sitting next to her.
In the background you can see a green playing field.
There is an orange cone on the sidewalk.
There is a building behind him.
To the left of the man is a pole, a sidewalk, and a building with plants growing on it.
He is wearing a red shirt.
There is another individual in the background doing the same and shelves in the back.
There are buildings along the street.
Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls.
There is an orange sign above them.
Behind her is a white wall and a white potted plant that is resting on an off white cylindrical stand.
To the right of him is a patch of sand and in front of him are some buildings with a lot of people walking alongside them.
It is a pink guitar.
Behind him is a large group of people that are drinking, pointing, and taking pictures.
To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes.
A shelf and changing table are in the background.
A living room or family room with a sofa, carpet on the floor and other musical instruments in the room.
They appear to be in a computer lab in an older building.
To the left of him is a woman of the same color sitting at a computer and to the right of him is a diagram or map of some sort.
There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background.
The road is salmon colored.
The road curves beneath them and trees are behind them.
A blue plate and a brown box are in the backround.
There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas.
It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them.
There are waves and a sunset in front of them.
He is sitting down on a couch.
The couch has a plaid pattern.
An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving.
Several buildings and store fronts, 4 bystanders, and a person riding a bike are in the background.
It is a beautiful afternoon.
There are trees in the background.
A lake, trees, and a blue skyline is in the background.
He is wearing a black hat.
The floor is tiled beneath her.
There are trees and grass in the background.
There are lots of trees in the background.
There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano.
There is lots of empty space with some buildings far away.
There is a light fixture in the background.
There are trees in the distance.
The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design.
A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background.
They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them.
They are in an equestrian competition.
In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar.
The door behind him is open.
There is an open wooden door in the background.
They are wearing blue jeans.
There is a horse stable behind him.
A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look.
There is a black garbage container at the end of the hall.
Behind them are presents wrapped in colorful paper.
There is a monitor and video camera in the background.
Both men are wearing jackets.
He is wearing a baseball cap.
The boys are having some fun next to it.
He is wearing blue jeans.
There are branches and leaves in the background.
Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl.
He is wearing a jacket.
There are clouds behind her.
He is wearing blue jeans.
The rock is red and brittle.
she is in an open area with other horse back riders.
There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding.
Their shadows fall on a blue car.
There is a white wall behind him.
In the background are some plants, leaves, and a short concrete wall.
There are some trees in the background.
She is wearing a pair of glasses.
The man is looking at his camera.

