A little blonde girl is opening a box and pulling out a present and pretending to drink from a green-patterned cup. Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room. (0)
A person wearing a helmet and a lot of pads is riding along a trail on a mountain bike. To the right and left are patches of grass and behind are a lot of green trees. (1)
A woman is riding a bicycle. She is riding on a trail. (2)
A woman rides a mountain bike. It is sunny out and there are trees behind her. (3)
There is a little girl on a horse. She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors. (4)
A young girl is running outside. It is a sunny day with some shade and the grass is green. (5)
There is a small girl running in the grass. The background is dark but there are clearly some trees. (6)
A man is standing in front of Universal theme park. The American flag is blowing in the wind. (7)
There is a man posing for a picture. In the back ground there is a large universal studios globe. (8)
A little girl is talking on the phone. She is in her living room with a picture on the wall behind her. (9)
A man is riding a bike. He is wearing a hat. (10)
Several people are walking along on a city street. There are tall buildings in the background. (11)
People are walking on a street. There is a brick road and buildings in the background. (12)
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background. (13)
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background. (14)
There is a women jogging. She is next to a wall with vegetation growing on the ground. (15)
A woman is jogging. She is next to a building with plants growing at its base. (16)
A man is using his laptop computer. He is sitting a chair in a room which also has a couch in it. (17)
There is a man browsing on his laptop. There is a couch next to the love seat he is sitting in. (18)
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a purple helmet. (19)
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background. (20)
There is a man and women both on horses. They are on a beach during the day. (21)
A boy sits on the snow. There are snow covered trees in the background. (22)
A man is taking a picture. A man with a drink and two men in red shirts are in the background. (23)
There are three women walking down a street. There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background. (24)
A young woman sits at a bank of computers. There's another person with a red shirt. (25)
There is a man facing away from the camera looking at a laptop. There is a whiteboard beside him on the wall and a plate and drink in front of the laptop on the wooden table. (26)
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone. There is an orange wall and a white door behind them. (27)
Young girl using a laptop. There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her. (28)
A person is playing the bass violin. Another person is sitting next to her. (29)
There is a man riding a horse playing polo. In the background you can see a green playing field. (30)
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk. (31)
A young man is running. There is a building behind him. (32)
A skinny man with short hair wearing a red shirt with white stripes is running down a street. To the left of the man is a pole, a sidewalk, and a building with plants growing on it. (33)
A man is running. He is wearing a red shirt. (34)
A man is typing on a laptop computer. There is another individual in the background doing the same and shelves in the back. (35)
Two black boys are running down the sidewalk. There are buildings along the street. (36)
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls. (37)
Two people are walking on the sidewalk. There is an orange sign above them. (38)
There is a woman sitting in a chair holding a camera up in front of her face. Behind her is a white wall and a white potted plant that is resting on an off white cylindrical stand. (39)
There is a person in blue jeans riding a bicycle on a road. To the right of him is a patch of sand and in front of him are some buildings with a lot of people walking alongside them. (40)
A man is playing a guitar. It is a pink guitar. (41)
There is a smiling man with long curly hair strumming a pink electric guitar. Behind him is a large group of people that are drinking, pointing, and taking pictures. (42)
There is a baby sitting in a chair thumbing through a small book. To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes. (43)
A baby is sitting in a chair looking at a book. A shelf and changing table are in the background. (44)
People sitting on a sofa with a man playing an instrument for entertainment. A living room or family room with a sofa, carpet on the floor and other musical instruments in the room. (45)
One woman and one man are browsing the internet on an older-model computer. They appear to be in a computer lab in an older building. (46)
A man of color wearing a white shirt is sitting in a chair using a computer. To the left of him is a woman of the same color sitting at a computer and to the right of him is a diagram or map of some sort. (47)
This is a picture of a man riding a motorcycle. There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background. (48)
A man is riding a motorcycle. The road is salmon colored. (49)
Men ride bicycles in a line. The road curves beneath them and trees are behind them. (50)
A person is looking at a book with a child. A blue plate and a brown box are in the backround. (51)
There are three people walking down a path away from a maroon car. There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas. (52)
A family has their picture taken. It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them. (53)
A man walks with his dog on the beach. There are waves and a sunset in front of them. (54)
A man in a green hat is working on a laptop. He is sitting down on a couch. (55)
A man on his couch typing on the laptop. The couch has a plaid pattern. (56)
A woman in a straw hat, wearing a sleeveless black tank and jeans, is taking a picture with a camera that has a telephoto lens. An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving. (57)
A man is running in a race. Several buildings and store fronts, 4 bystanders, and a person riding a bike are in the background. (58)
A woman is riding horseback by the river. It is a beautiful afternoon. (59)
A woman sits on a pony. There are trees in the background. (60)
A woman is riding a horse. A lake, trees, and a blue skyline is in the background. (61)
A man is playing a musical instrument. He is wearing a black hat. (62)
A little girl is playing with a toy train. The floor is tiled beneath her. (63)
There is a jockey riding a horse. There are trees and grass in the background. (64)
A person is riding a black horse. There are lots of trees in the background. (65)
Three people are playing a piano together. There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano. (66)
A woman dressed in sweats and a vest is running with a dog. There is lots of empty space with some buildings far away. (67)
A woman is posing for a picture. There is a light fixture in the background. (68)
A man is taking a picture of two people. There are trees in the distance. (69)
A woman in red pants and a white blouse takes a picture with her camera. The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design. (70)
A man is leading a boy on horseback. A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background. (71)
A young man is pulling a pony carrying a child on its back. They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them. (72)
A jockey on a horse are making a jump over a hurdle. They are in an equestrian competition. (73)
A young child is standing up and touching a green telephone. In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar. (74)
A toddler wearing a striped shirt and jeans reaches for a telephone. The door behind him is open. (75)
There is a little kid touching a phone. There is an open wooden door in the background. (76)
A person is riding a brown horse. They are wearing blue jeans. (77)
A man is sitting on a horse. There is a horse stable behind him. (78)
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars. A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look. (79)
There is a woman walking down a hall with shopping bags in her hands. There is a black garbage container at the end of the hall. (80)
There is a woman reading to a small girl. Behind them are presents wrapped in colorful paper. (81)
A woman is video conferencing with another woman. There is a monitor and video camera in the background. (82)
A man is taking a photo of another man. Both men are wearing jackets. (83)
A man is using the computer. He is wearing a baseball cap. (84)
The bonfire is burning hot. The boys are having some fun next to it. (85)
A man is jumping over a camp fire. He is wearing blue jeans. (86)
There is a man sitting on a towel in sand reading. There are branches and leaves in the background. (87)
A man sitting on a chair is acting crazy, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes squinted. Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl. (88)
A man is on a computer. He is wearing a jacket. (89)
A little girl is jumping into the air. There are clouds behind her. (90)
A boy is jumping off a ledge. He is wearing blue jeans. (91)
A man in blue jeans and blue shirt is jumping on a rock. The rock is red and brittle. (92)
A woman is trotting along on a horse. she is in an open area with other horse back riders. (93)
A lady with a red shirt riding a horse. There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding. (94)
A woman is helping a child on a bicycle. Their shadows fall on a blue car. (95)
There is a little kid reading a book. There is a white wall behind him. (96)
A skinny young child is crouched on some grass holding something with their right hand. In the background are some plants, leaves, and a short concrete wall. (97)
A person is jumping outside. There are some trees in the background. (98)
A woman is reading a newspaper. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (99)
A man and woman are sitting at a cafe outside, drinking wine. The man is looking at his camera. (100)
 (101)
