A woman is riding a bicycle. She is riding on a trail. (0)
A woman rides a mountain bike. It is sunny out and there are trees behind her. (1)
A person wearing a helmet and a lot of pads is riding along a trail on a mountain bike. To the right and left are patches of grass and behind are a lot of green trees. (2)
A woman rides a mountain bike. It is sunny out and there are trees behind her. (3)
A person wearing a helmet and a lot of pads is riding along a trail on a mountain bike. To the right and left are patches of grass and behind are a lot of green trees. (4)
A woman is riding a bicycle. She is riding on a trail. (5)
There is a small girl running in the grass. The background is dark but there are clearly some trees. (6)
A young girl is running outside. It is a sunny day with some shade and the grass is green. (7)
There is a man posing for a picture. In the back ground there is a large universal studios globe. (8)
A man is standing in front of Universal theme park. The American flag is blowing in the wind. (9)
People are walking on a street.There is a brick road and buildings in the background. (10)
Several people are walking along on a city street. There are tall buildings in the background. (11)
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background. (12)
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background. (13)
A woman is jogging. She is next to a building with plants growing at its base. (14)
There is a women jogging. She is next to a wall with vegetation growing on the ground. (15)
There is a man browsing on his laptop. There is a couch next to the love seat he is sitting in. (16)
A man is using his laptop computer. He is sitting a chair in a room which also has a couch in it. (17)
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background. (18)
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a purple helmet. (19)
A skinny man with short hair wearing a red shirt with white stripes is running down a street. To the left of the man is a pole, a sidewalk, and a building with plants growing on it. (20)
A man is running. He is wearing a red shirt. (21)
A young man is running. There is a building behind him. (22)
A man is running. He is wearing a red shirt. (23)
A young man is running. There is a building behind him. (24)
A skinny man with short hair wearing a red shirt with white stripes is running down a street. To the left of the man is a pole, a sidewalk, and a building with plants growing on it. (25)
There is a smiling man with long curly hair strumming a pink electric guitar. Behind him is a large group of people that are drinking, pointing, and taking pictures. (26)
A man is playing a guitar. It is a pink guitar. (27)
A baby is sitting in a chair looking at a book. A shelf and changing table are in the background. (28)
There is a baby sitting in a chair thumbing through a small book. To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes. (29)
A man of color wearing a white shirt is sitting in a chair using a computer. To the left of him is a woman of the same color sitting at a computer and to the right of him is a diagram or map of some sort. (30)
One woman and one man are browsing the internet on an older-model computer. They appear to be in a computer lab in an older building. (31)
A man is riding a motorcycle. The road is salmon colored. (32)
This is a picture of a man riding a motorcycle. There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background. (33)
A man on his couch typing on the laptop. The couch has a plaid pattern. (34)
A man in a green hat is working on a laptop. He is sitting down on a couch. (35)
A woman sits on a pony. There are trees in the background. (36)
A woman is riding a horse. A lake, trees, and a blue skyline is in the background. (37)
A woman is riding horseback by the river. It is a beautiful afternoon. (38)
A woman is riding a horse. A lake, trees, and a blue skyline is in the background. (39)
A woman is riding horseback by the river. It is a beautiful afternoon. (40)
A woman sits on a pony. There are trees in the background. (41)
A person is riding a black horse. There are lots of trees in the background. (42)
There is a jockey riding a horse. There are trees and grass in the background. (43)
A young man is pulling a pony carrying a child on its back. They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them. (44)
A man is leading a boy on horseback. A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background. (45)
A toddler wearing a striped shirt and jeans reaches for a telephone. The door behind him is open. (46)
There is a little kid touching a phone. There is an open wooden door in the background. (47)
A young child is standing up and touching a green telephone. In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar. (48)
There is a little kid touching a phone. There is an open wooden door in the background. (49)
A young child is standing up and touching a green telephone. In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar. (50)
A toddler wearing a striped shirt and jeans reaches for a telephone. The door behind him is open. (51)
A man is sitting on a horse. There is a horse stable behind him. (52)
A person is riding a brown horse. They are wearing blue jeans. (53)
A man is jumping over a camp fire. He is wearing blue jeans. (54)
The bonfire is burning hot. The boys are having some fun next to it. (55)
A man in blue jeans and blue shirt is jumping on a rock. The rock is red and brittle. (56)
A boy is jumping off a ledge. He is wearing blue jeans. (57)
A lady with a red shirt riding a horse. There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding. (58)
A woman is trotting along on a horse. she is in an open area with other horse back riders. (59)
