Two young men are wearing white graduation caps and gowns.
Two graduates are posing for the camera.
Elderly man reading a newspaper.
A man on a boat is taking a picture.
A woman is riding a bicycle.
Two young women are standing in a room.
There is a girl on the phone.
A man is riding a bike down the road.
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road.
A man is riding a bike.
This is a picture of man on a cell phone.
A foreign man with sunglasses talking on a cell phone.
A girl is on her laptop.
A young girl is using her laptop.
A man is using his laptop computer.
There is a man browsing on his laptop.
There is a girl on a brown horse.
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field.
A woman is playing the keyboard.
An older man in a suit with eyeglasses is playing the trumpet.
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage.
A middle age man is on stage playing a guitar.
A man is playing electric guitar.
These are two people sitting at a table underneath a canopy.
People are sitting at an table located outside.
A young woman sits at a bank of computers.
People are running a marathon.
There is a women on a horse.
Three people walking down a dirt road carrying bags.
There is a man talking on a cellphone.
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone.
A man is talking on a cell phone.
A woman is standing on the sidewalk.
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge.
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away.
A young girl is playing a violin.
A young girl is riding her bicycle.
A young girl is riding a bike.
A man is holding a cell phone in front of a mirror.
A man is talking on a telephone.
A man is talking on a payphone.
A man wearing an orange polo shirt is using a pay phone.
There are two people with on taking a picture of the other.
Two people are riding their bikes in the street.
A man takes a picture in held up canoe.
A man is looking through a camera on a boat.
Three people take a stroll down a path.
People are walking through an an alley.
A man is talking on the phone.
People using a computer to take a test or learn about something specific.
A person walking and a person riding a bike without any protective gear.
A woman wearing a hat is on a white horse.
A women is riding a white horse.
There are three people walking down a path away from a maroon car.
Two people are riding horses.
Two girls pose for a picture, one of them is on a cell phone.
Five young women are walking in the middle of a street at night.
Three girls are sitting down.
A man and a boy getting their pictures taken while on a rock.
A young girl is adjusting the bridle on a horse.
A little girl is reading.
A child is reading the back of a box.
Two men playing air guitar.
A young child is standing up and touching a green telephone.
There is a little kid touching a phone.
A man sits at a computer in a library.
The girl sitting in front of the fireplace is playing the violin.
A woman is playing a violin.
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars.
A man in a black sweater is playing a silver trumpet.
There is a man playing an instrument.
A man is talking on the phone.
A pitcher is about to throw a baseball.
A man is taking a picture as the flash goes off.
A man is taking a picture.
A man sitting on a chair is acting crazy, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes squinted.
A man in a cowboy hat is talking on the phone.
There is a man on stage holding a microphone.
A boy is jumping off a ledge.
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game.
A baseball player is running down the base line.
An athlete is crossing the finish line of a race.
A boy is reading a book.
A little girl is learning how to ride a bike.
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike.
A man is running with his bike.
The lady reads the happily reads a recipe.
A person is jumping up in the air.
There is someone playing a piano with someone sitting next to them.
A skinny young child is crouched on some grass holding something with their right hand.
A person is riding a horse.
A little boy is riding a pony.
A horse attempts to make a jump.
A woman is reading a newspaper.
A boy is walking on a beach.
A woman is walking outside.
Two people are jumping together.
A man is taking a picture with a camera.
Two young women are taking pictures at a scenic overlook.
A girl with sunglasses standing on a stone wall while another girl with glasses is taking a picture.

