There are trees and people in the background.
It's sunny and many people are in the area.
The background is dark and he is sitting in a white chair.
Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore.
She is riding on a trail.
There's a mirror on the wall.
There is a lamp behind her and the phone she is on is yellow with a red cord.
A car and trees are in the background.
There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background.
There is a car going the other direction in the background.
There is a white brick wall with a small sign on it behind him.
A large building and a mountain in the background.
She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed.
She is in a hotel room.
He is sitting a chair in a room which also has a couch in it.
There is a couch next to the love seat he is sitting in.
There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background.
The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains.
There is a small christmas tree in the background.
It looks as though there is an umbrella or tend pole behind him.
There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him.
The guitar is blue and white.
There is a red curtain behind him.
One of them is taking a picture and there are several electronics on the table.
The woman is taking a picture of something.
There's another person with a red shirt.
They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background.
She appears to be outdoors near a mountain.
Beautiful green fields with trees and brush along a dirt road.
He is in a dimly lit room.
He is covering his ears so he can hear better.
He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room.
She is wearing a red coat.
The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people.
The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle.
A book shelf with records, two doorways, a picture and an overhead light are in the background.
There are houses in the background.
Three houses, two vehicles, gray concrete and the street are in the background.
He is holding the phone with his left hand and reaching out to the mirror with his right hand.
There is a pink building and a tree in the background.
The phone is silver with a red hand-piece.
In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings.
There is grass and trees in the background.
There is a house in the background.
There is another canoe behind him, and grass on a little bit of the floor.
A brown wooden fence and a white and green boat are in the background.
There are trees and street signs around them.
It's covered with trees.
There is a bald man standing beside him.
A classroom with desks and computer used for testing and many other tasks.
A roadway with a large open field and beautiful trees all around.
There are other people on horses in the background.
Behind her there is someone else on a black horse.
There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas.
They are riding on the beach.
There is a white wall and a window with closed venetian blinds behind them.
There is a fence alongside the road.
There is grass underneath them.
A man taking pictures while standing in the ocean.
There is a grey fence in the background surrounded by trees.
There is a tiled floor beneath her.
She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it.
They are inside and thee is a door behind them.
In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar.
There is an open wooden door in the background.
There are several bookshelves to the left.
She had long brown hair and is wearing a sweatshirt.
There is a fireplace in the background.
A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look.
He surrounded by tourists and pigeons.
There is a crowd of people and a building in the background.
A store display is in the background.
He is standing on the pitcher's mound in a baseball diamond.
He is wearing a light blue shirt.
There is a brick wall behind him.
Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl.
There is a brick wall in the background.
There is a drummer and a guitarist behind him.
He is wearing blue jeans.
A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans.
Another member of his team can be seen running behind him.
He is wearing red and the people around him are taking photographs.
He is wearing yellow shorts.
The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars.
A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him.
A crowd looks on.
At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently.
There is a brown bookshelf and a barstool in the background.
The person not playing is wearing jeans.
In the background are some plants, leaves, and a short concrete wall.
There are trees in the background.
Greenery surrounds them.
A man is behind and looking.
She is wearing a pair of glasses.
There is cold looking sand and water.
There are trees in the background.
There are in a long outdoor brick hallway and there are shrubs coming from the roof above.
He is wearing a pair of glasses.
There is a gray stone wall with a rail, trees, and a river.
There are trees and a river in the background.

