A little blonde girl is opening a box and pulling out a present and pretending to drink from a green-patterned cup. Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room. (0)
Two smiling males are wearing white graduation caps and gowns, one is holding a phone to his ear. There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not. (1)
An old man is reading the newspaper. He is sitting in a white chair. (2)
An elderly gentlemen reading a newspaper. He is outdoors on the grass. (3)
A man is taking a picture. He is on a boat. (4)
A man playing electric guitar. Bright light up above. (5)
A man is playing a guitar. A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background. (6)
A person wearing a helmet and a lot of pads is riding along a trail on a mountain bike. To the right and left are patches of grass and behind are a lot of green trees. (7)
A woman rides a mountain bike. It is sunny out and there are trees behind her. (8)
There are two girls facing each other laughing, one girl is on the telephone. There is a television and a mirror hanging on the wall behind them. (9)
There are several people taking pictures. They are in a ornately decorated room. (10)
A man is riding a bike. He is wearing a hat. (11)
A man is riding a motorcycle. In the background there is a blue car and two trees. (12)
This is a picture of a woman talking on a corded phone. There is a chair, a table, a lamp, and a plant in the background. (13)
A man is talking on a phone. There is a white wall with a sign about New York behind him. (14)
There is a girl sitting on a bed with a laptop on her lap. There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background. (15)
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a purple helmet. (16)
A woman is playing keyboard in a home. A small Christmas tree sits on a hardwood floor in the background. (17)
A young women is playing the keyboard and smiling at the camera. There are wooden floors and a tiny Christmas tree in the background. (18)
A man with a purple tie is playing a horn. There is a blue and white wall behind him. (19)
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone. There is an orange wall and a white door behind them. (20)
A young girl is on her computer. There is an object in front of her. (21)
Young girl using a laptop. There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her. (22)
The girl is riding a horse. The mountains are huge in the background. (23)
A young person laying on the floor talking on the telephone. A bedroom with a stripe running through the bedspread, wood floors and black and gray drapery. (24)
A person is talking on a telephone. There is a pillow underneath them and a woven mat. (25)
This is a picture of a person lying down while talking on the phone. There is a pillow underneath the person and a blanket in the background. (26)
A woman and a man are reading books. There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall. (27)
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk. (28)
This is a picture of a child playing the violin. There is a hallway in the background and a bookshelf filled with records and books off to the right. (29)
A girl is playing the violin or fiddle. There is a shelf of records in the background. (30)
A man is riding a motorcycle. There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background. (31)
A man is driving a motorcycle through a parking lot. There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings. (32)
A man is taking a picture of himself with a cellphone using a mirror. Behind him is a white door and wall. (33)
A man is taking a picture of himself in a mirror. A white door and a beige wall are in the background. (34)
Two black boys are running down the sidewalk. There are buildings along the street. (35)
Two people are walking on the sidewalk. There is an orange sign above them. (36)
There are two kids riding bikes in the street. There is a house in the background. (37)
Two men on stage smoking cigarettes and playing guitar. A small stage with blue walls in the background and people performing on stage. (38)
Two men are playing guitars and smoking. A Gray wall and white ceiling are in the background. (39)
A boy is running a race in the city. There is another runner behind him. (40)
There is a man in a tan and wool winter jacket talking on a telephone. Next to him on the left is a bald man with a beard in a brown jacket and behind them is a large wooden cabinet. (41)
An old man is riding a bicycle. He is on the street and there are shrubs in the background. (42)
An older man is riding a bike on a street. The street is surrounded by hedges. (43)
A man rides a bicycle on the road. He has groceries in the back. (44)
There are several people on computers. They are indoors in a well light room. (45)
A man on a bicycle pedals behind a jogger. There's a green field and lots of trees. (46)
A woman is riding a white horse in an arena. There are jumps in the arena. (47)
A woman in a straw hat, wearing a sleeveless black tank and jeans, is taking a picture with a camera that has a telephoto lens. An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving. (48)
There is a man and to women posing for a photo. Behind them the room s dark and there are a few wall lamps. (49)
The girls are sitting in a circle. They are working on a craft. (50)
A girl is standing outside. She is wearing red pants. (51)
A young Asian child stands beside a water fountain in a city. Buildings and a train are in the background. (52)
A man is taking a picture of two people. There are trees in the distance. (53)
A girl is adjusting the belt on the horse. She is wearing a pink shirt. (54)
A man jumps across the water to reach the other sand mound. Rocks and buildings are in the background. (55)
A woman in red pants and a white blouse takes a picture with her camera. The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design. (56)
A woman is taking a photo. She is standing on a brick road. (57)
A man and a woman smoking cigarettes. There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench. (58)
A toddler wearing a striped shirt and jeans reaches for a telephone. The door behind him is open. (59)
A person sitting at a computer typing and doing some type of project. A nice size room that appears to be a library, there is a sign in desk and there are several bookcases full of books. (60)
A person is working on a computer. The location is at a library. (61)
A young man plays his trumpet in an open air public square. Numerous people are in the distance behind him, and pigeons are walking around near him. (62)
There is a man on a phone. There are posters and a store window in the background. (63)
The man with red hair and glasses is on the phone. He is standing in front of the store window. (64)
A girl in a pink dress is jumping. There are very dark clouds in the background. (65)
A girl is jumping outside. There are trees in the background. (66)
A woman in a dress has jumped into the air. There are trees and bushes in the background. (67)
A man is playing baseball. There are advertisements behind him. (68)
A man is throwing a baseball. He is wearing a blue hat. (69)
A man takes a picture with his cell phone. There is a pipe and a brick wall behind him. (70)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a cowboy hat. (71)
A young man in a cowboy hat and t shirt is talking on a pay phone. It is surrounded with gray brick. (72)
A band is playing and a man is singing. There is a microphone in his hand and drums on the stage. (73)
A man in blue jeans and blue shirt is jumping on a rock. The rock is red and brittle. (74)
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score. (75)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is wearing sunglasses. (76)
A man is walking on a dirt path. There are three people and three cars in the background. (77)
A man is walking. There is a woman behind him looking on. (78)
There is a young boy on the beach reading a book. In the background is sand and a shoreline. (79)
A boy is reading with his feet in the sand. There is a beach in front him. (80)
There is a blurred image of a man playing guitar. The background is dark and blurry. (81)
A person dressed in red playing a guitar. A stage with a band playing instruments, the lighting is apparent red,. (82)
A woman is helping a child on a bicycle. Their shadows fall on a blue car. (83)
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence. (84)
There is man holding a light sabre while another person is jumping over it. There is table and a shelf in the background. (85)
A boy in a red short jumps. There is a window and a table in the background. (86)
There is a person playing on a keyboard. You only see their fingers in the picture. (87)
A little girl is playing in the grass. There are petals next to her. (88)
A little girl sitting and appears to be pouring water on her feet. There are bushes around her and a wall. (89)
A girl is jumping outside. She is wearing blue jeans. (90)
A man and woman are sitting at a cafe outside, drinking wine. The man is looking at his camera. (91)
Two people are seated and using laptops. There is a bookshelf and several storage boxes along the wall in the background. (92)
A woman is taking a picture with a camera. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (93)
There are men playing basketball. In the background there is a stadium with an audience. (94)
Men are playing basketball. A crowd looks on. (95)
A boy is playing a wind instrument. There is a microphone in front of him. (96)
A man is playing the flute. He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him. (97)
A woman is laying on a towel on a beach in a bikini. In the background is a blue sky with several clouds and a large body of water. (98)
A young bout is holidng up a math book. He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue. (99)
A boy standing with a grin on his face, wearing a grey sweatshirt and holding a book in his hand.  A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall. (100)
 (101)
