Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room.
There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not.
He is sitting in a white chair.
He is outdoors on the grass.
He is on a boat.
Bright light up above.
A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background.
To the right and left are patches of grass and behind are a lot of green trees.
It is sunny out and there are trees behind her.
There is a television and a mirror hanging on the wall behind them.
They are in a ornately decorated room.
He is wearing a hat.
In the background there is a blue car and two trees.
There is a chair, a table, a lamp, and a plant in the background.
There is a white wall with a sign about New York behind him.
There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background.
They are wearing a purple helmet.
A small Christmas tree sits on a hardwood floor in the background.
There are wooden floors and a tiny Christmas tree in the background.
There is a blue and white wall behind him.
There is an orange wall and a white door behind them.
There is an object in front of her.
There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her.
The mountains are huge in the background.
A bedroom with a stripe running through the bedspread, wood floors and black and gray drapery.
There is a pillow underneath them and a woven mat.
There is a pillow underneath the person and a blanket in the background.
There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall.
There is an orange cone on the sidewalk.
There is a hallway in the background and a bookshelf filled with records and books off to the right.
There is a shelf of records in the background.
There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background.
There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings.
Behind him is a white door and wall.
A white door and a beige wall are in the background.
There are buildings along the street.
There is an orange sign above them.
There is a house in the background.
A small stage with blue walls in the background and people performing on stage.
A Gray wall and white ceiling are in the background.
There is another runner behind him.
Next to him on the left is a bald man with a beard in a brown jacket and behind them is a large wooden cabinet.
He is on the street and there are shrubs in the background.
The street is surrounded by hedges.
He has groceries in the back.
They are indoors in a well light room.
There's a green field and lots of trees.
There are jumps in the arena.
An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving.
Behind them the room s dark and there are a few wall lamps.
They are working on a craft.
She is wearing red pants.
Buildings and a train are in the background.
There are trees in the distance.
She is wearing a pink shirt.
Rocks and buildings are in the background.
The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design.
She is standing on a brick road.
There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench.
The door behind him is open.
A nice size room that appears to be a library, there is a sign in desk and there are several bookcases full of books.
The location is at a library.
Numerous people are in the distance behind him, and pigeons are walking around near him.
There are posters and a store window in the background.
He is standing in front of the store window.
There are very dark clouds in the background.
There are trees in the background.
There are trees and bushes in the background.
There are advertisements behind him.
He is wearing a blue hat.
There is a pipe and a brick wall behind him.
He is wearing a cowboy hat.
It is surrounded with gray brick.
There is a microphone in his hand and drums on the stage.
The rock is red and brittle.
In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score.
He is wearing sunglasses.
There are three people and three cars in the background.
There is a woman behind him looking on.
In the background is sand and a shoreline.
There is a beach in front him.
The background is dark and blurry.
A stage with a band playing instruments, the lighting is apparent red,.
Their shadows fall on a blue car.
There are spectators leaning on the fence.
There is table and a shelf in the background.
There is a window and a table in the background.
You only see their fingers in the picture.
There are petals next to her.
There are bushes around her and a wall.
She is wearing blue jeans.
The man is looking at his camera.
There is a bookshelf and several storage boxes along the wall in the background.
She is wearing a pair of glasses.
In the background there is a stadium with an audience.
A crowd looks on.
There is a microphone in front of him.
He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him.
In the background is a blue sky with several clouds and a large body of water.
He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue.
 A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall.

