Two young men are wearing white graduation caps and gowns. There are trees and people in the background. (0)
Two graduates are posing for the camera. It's sunny and many people are in the area. (1)
Elderly man reading a newspaper. The background is dark and he is sitting in a white chair. (2)
A man on a boat is taking a picture. Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore. (3)
A woman is riding a bicycle. She is riding on a trail. (4)
Two young women are standing in a room. There's a mirror on the wall. (5)
There is a girl on the phone. There is a lamp behind her and the phone she is on is yellow with a red cord. (6)
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background. (7)
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background. (8)
A man is riding a bike. There is a car going the other direction in the background. (9)
This is a picture of man on a cell phone. There is a white brick wall with a small sign on it behind him. (10)
A foreign man with sunglasses talking on a cell phone. A large building and a mountain in the background. (11)
A girl is on her laptop. She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed. (12)
A young girl is using her laptop. She is in a hotel room. (13)
A man is using his laptop computer. He is sitting a chair in a room which also has a couch in it. (14)
There is a man browsing on his laptop. There is a couch next to the love seat he is sitting in. (15)
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background. (16)
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field. The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains. (17)
A woman is playing the keyboard. There is a small christmas tree in the background. (18)
An older man in a suit with eyeglasses is playing the trumpet. It looks as though there is an umbrella or tend pole behind him. (19)
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him. (20)
A middle age man is on stage playing a guitar. The guitar is blue and white. (21)
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him. (22)
These are two people sitting at a table underneath a canopy. One of them is taking a picture and there are several electronics on the table. (23)
People are sitting at an table located outside. The woman is taking a picture of something. (24)
A young woman sits at a bank of computers. There's another person with a red shirt. (25)
People are running a marathon. They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background. (26)
There is a women on a horse. She appears to be outdoors near a mountain. (27)
Three people walking down a dirt road carrying bags. Beautiful green fields with trees and brush along a dirt road. (28)
There is a man talking on a cellphone. He is in a dimly lit room. (29)
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone. He is covering his ears so he can hear better. (30)
A man is talking on a cell phone. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room. (31)
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat. (32)
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people. (33)
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle. (34)
A young girl is playing a violin. A book shelf with records, two doorways, a picture and an overhead light are in the background. (35)
A young girl is riding her bicycle. There are houses in the background. (36)
A young girl is riding a bike. Three houses, two vehicles, gray concrete and the street are in the background. (37)
A man is holding a cell phone in front of a mirror. He is holding the phone with his left hand and reaching out to the mirror with his right hand. (38)
A man is talking on a telephone. There is a pink building and a tree in the background. (39)
A man is talking on a payphone. The phone is silver with a red hand-piece. (40)
A man wearing an orange polo shirt is using a pay phone. In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings. (41)
There are two people with on taking a picture of the other. There is grass and trees in the background. (42)
Two people are riding their bikes in the street. There is a house in the background. (43)
A man takes a picture in held up canoe. There is another canoe behind him, and grass on a little bit of the floor. (44)
A man is looking through a camera on a boat. A brown wooden fence and a white and green boat are in the background. (45)
Three people take a stroll down a path. There are trees and street signs around them. (46)
People are walking through an an alley. It's covered with trees. (47)
A man is talking on the phone. There is a bald man standing beside him. (48)
People using a computer to take a test or learn about something specific. A classroom with desks and computer used for testing and many other tasks. (49)
A person walking and a person riding a bike without any protective gear. A roadway with a large open field and beautiful trees all around. (50)
A woman wearing a hat is on a white horse. There are other people on horses in the background. (51)
A women is riding a white horse. Behind her there is someone else on a black horse. (52)
There are three people walking down a path away from a maroon car. There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas. (53)
Two people are riding horses. They are riding on the beach. (54)
Two girls pose for a picture, one of them is on a cell phone. There is a white wall and a window with closed venetian blinds behind them. (55)
Five young women are walking in the middle of a street at night. There is a fence alongside the road. (56)
Three girls are sitting down. There is grass underneath them. (57)
A man and a boy getting their pictures taken while on a rock. A man taking pictures while standing in the ocean. (58)
A young girl is adjusting the bridle on a horse. There is a grey fence in the background surrounded by trees. (59)
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her. (60)
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it. (61)
Two men playing air guitar. They are inside and thee is a door behind them. (62)
A young child is standing up and touching a green telephone. In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar. (63)
There is a little kid touching a phone. There is an open wooden door in the background. (64)
A man sits at a computer in a library. There are several bookshelves to the left. (65)
The girl sitting in front of the fireplace is playing the violin. She had long brown hair and is wearing a sweatshirt. (66)
A woman is playing a violin. There is a fireplace in the background. (67)
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars. A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look. (68)
A man in a black sweater is playing a silver trumpet. He surrounded by tourists and pigeons. (69)
There is a man playing an instrument. There is a crowd of people and a building in the background. (70)
A man is talking on the phone. A store display is in the background. (71)
A pitcher is about to throw a baseball. He is standing on the pitcher's mound in a baseball diamond. (72)
A man is taking a picture as the flash goes off. He is wearing a light blue shirt. (73)
A man is taking a picture. There is a brick wall behind him. (74)
A man sitting on a chair is acting crazy, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes squinted. Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl. (75)
A man in a cowboy hat is talking on the phone. There is a brick wall in the background. (76)
There is a man on stage holding a microphone. There is a drummer and a guitarist behind him. (77)
A boy is jumping off a ledge. He is wearing blue jeans. (78)
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans. (79)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (80)
An athlete is crossing the finish line of a race. He is wearing red and the people around him are taking photographs. (81)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing yellow shorts. (82)
A little girl is learning how to ride a bike. The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars. (83)
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him. (84)
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on. (85)
The lady reads the happily reads a recipe. At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently. (86)
A person is jumping up in the air. There is a brown bookshelf and a barstool in the background. (87)
There is someone playing a piano with someone sitting next to them. The person not playing is wearing jeans. (88)
A skinny young child is crouched on some grass holding something with their right hand. In the background are some plants, leaves, and a short concrete wall. (89)
A person is riding a horse. There are trees in the background. (90)
A little boy is riding a pony. Greenery surrounds them. (91)
A horse attempts to make a jump. A man is behind and looking. (92)
A woman is reading a newspaper. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (93)
A boy is walking on a beach. There is cold looking sand and water. (94)
A woman is walking outside. There are trees in the background. (95)
Two people are jumping together. There are in a long outdoor brick hallway and there are shrubs coming from the roof above. (96)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is wearing a pair of glasses. (97)
Two young women are taking pictures at a scenic overlook. There is a gray stone wall with a rail, trees, and a river. (98)
A girl with sunglasses standing on a stone wall while another girl with glasses is taking a picture. There are trees and a river in the background. (99)
 (100)
