Two graduates are posing for the camera. It's sunny and many people are in the area. (0)
Two young men are wearing white graduation caps and gowns. There are trees and people in the background. (1)
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background. (2)
A man is riding a bike. There is a car going the other direction in the background. (3)
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background. (4)
A man is riding a bike. There is a car going the other direction in the background. (5)
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background. (6)
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background. (7)
A foreign man with sunglasses talking on a cell phone. A large building and a mountain in the background. (8)
This is a picture of man on a cell phone. There is a white brick wall with a small sign on it behind him. (9)
A young girl is using her laptop. She is in a hotel room. (10)
A girl is on her laptop. She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed. (11)
There is a man browsing on his laptop. There is a couch next to the love seat he is sitting in. (12)
A man is using his laptop computer. He is sitting a chair in a room which also has a couch in it. (13)
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field. The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains. (14)
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background. (15)
A middle age man is on stage playing a guitar. The guitar is blue and white. (16)
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him. (17)
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him. (18)
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him. (19)
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him. (20)
A middle age man is on stage playing a guitar. The guitar is blue and white. (21)
People are sitting at an table located outside. The woman is taking a picture of something. (22)
These are two people sitting at a table underneath a canopy. One of them is taking a picture and there are several electronics on the table. (23)
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone. He is covering his ears so he can hear better. (24)
A man is talking on a cell phone. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room. (25)
There is a man talking on a cellphone. He is in a dimly lit room. (26)
A man is talking on a cell phone. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room. (27)
There is a man talking on a cellphone. He is in a dimly lit room. (28)
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone. He is covering his ears so he can hear better. (29)
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people. (30)
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat. (31)
A young girl is riding a bike. Three houses, two vehicles, gray concrete and the street are in the background. (32)
A young girl is riding her bicycle. There are houses in the background. (33)
A man is talking on a payphone. The phone is silver with a red hand-piece. (34)
A man wearing an orange polo shirt is using a pay phone. In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings. (35)
A man is talking on a telephone. There is a pink building and a tree in the background. (36)
A man wearing an orange polo shirt is using a pay phone. In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings. (37)
A man is talking on a telephone. There is a pink building and a tree in the background. (38)
A man is talking on a payphone. The phone is silver with a red hand-piece. (39)
A man is looking through a camera on a boat. A brown wooden fence and a white and green boat are in the background. (40)
A man takes a picture in held up canoe. There is another canoe behind him, and grass on a little bit of the floor. (41)
People are walking through an an alley. It's covered with trees. (42)
Three people take a stroll down a path. There are trees and street signs around them. (43)
A women is riding a white horse. Behind her there is someone else on a black horse. (44)
A woman wearing a hat is on a white horse. There are other people on horses in the background. (45)
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it. (46)
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her. (47)
There is a little kid touching a phone. There is an open wooden door in the background. (48)
A young child is standing up and touching a green telephone. In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar. (49)
A woman is playing a violin. There is a fireplace in the background. (50)
The girl sitting in front of the fireplace is playing the violin. She had long brown hair and is wearing a sweatshirt. (51)
There is a man playing an instrument. There is a crowd of people and a building in the background. (52)
A man in a black sweater is playing a silver trumpet. He surrounded by tourists and pigeons. (53)
A man is taking a picture. There is a brick wall behind him. (54)
A man is taking a picture as the flash goes off. He is wearing a light blue shirt. (55)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (56)
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans. (57)
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on. (58)
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him. (59)
A little boy is riding a pony. Greenery surrounds them. (60)
A horse attempts to make a jump. A man is behind and looking. (61)
A person is riding a horse. There are trees in the background. (62)
A horse attempts to make a jump. A man is behind and looking. (63)
A person is riding a horse. There are trees in the background. (64)
A little boy is riding a pony. Greenery surrounds them. (65)
A girl with sunglasses standing on a stone wall while another girl with glasses is taking a picture. There are trees and a river in the background. (66)
Two young women are taking pictures at a scenic overlook. There is a gray stone wall with a rail, trees, and a river. (67)
