Two graduates are posing for the camera. It's sunny and many people are in the area.
Two smiling males are wearing white graduation caps and gowns, one is holding a phone to his ear. There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not.
Two young men are wearing white graduation caps and gowns. There are trees and people in the background.
Two smiling males are wearing white graduation caps and gowns, one is holding a phone to his ear. There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not.
An old man is reading the newspaper. He is sitting in a white chair.
An elderly gentlemen reading a newspaper. He is outdoors on the grass.
Two guys are riding in a boat, while one takes pictures with his camera. There is water and trees in the background.
A man is taking a picture. He is on a boat.
A person wearing a helmet and a lot of pads is riding along a trail on a mountain bike. To the right and left are patches of grass and behind are a lot of green trees.
A woman rides a mountain bike. It is sunny out and there are trees behind her.
A girl is talking on the phone with her friend next to her. They are in front of a mirror and tv.
There are two girls facing each other laughing, one girl is on the telephone. There is a television and a mirror hanging on the wall behind them.
This is a picture of a woman talking on a corded phone. There is a chair, a table, a lamp, and a plant in the background.
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background.
A man is riding a bike. There is a car going the other direction in the background.
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background.
A man is riding a bike. There is a car going the other direction in the background.
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background.
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background.
A man is talking on a phone.There is a white wall with a sign about New York behind him.
A foreign man with sunglasses talking on a cell phone. A large building and a mountain in the background.
This is a picture of man on a cell phone. There is a white brick wall with a small sign on it behind him.
A man is talking on a phone.There is a white wall with a sign about New York behind him.
There is a girl sitting on a bed with a laptop on her lap. There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background.
A young girl is using her laptop. She is in a hotel room.
A girl is on her laptop. She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed.
There is a girl sitting on a bed with a laptop on her lap. There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background.
There is a man browsing on his laptop. There is a couch next to the love seat he is sitting in.
A man is using his laptop computer. He is sitting a chair in a room which also has a couch in it.
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a purple helmet.
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field. The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains.
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a purple helmet.
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background.
A woman is playing keyboard in a home. A small Christmas tree sits on a hardwood floor in the background.
A young women is playing the keyboard and smiling at the camera. There are wooden floors and a tiny Christmas tree in the background.
A man with a purple tie is playing a horn. There is a blue and white wall behind him.
A middle age man is on stage playing a guitar. The guitar is blue and white.
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him.
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him.
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him.
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him.
A middle age man is on stage playing a guitar. The guitar is blue and white.
Two people sitting on foldable chairs with one of the people talking on the telephone. A very large metal structure with a lovely yard in the background and cars parked along the street.
People are sitting at an table located outside. The woman is taking a picture of something.
These are two people sitting at a table underneath a canopy. One of them is taking a picture and there are several electronics on the table.
Two people sitting on foldable chairs with one of the people talking on the telephone. A very large metal structure with a lovely yard in the background and cars parked along the street.
There are two people sitting at computer booths looking at computer monitors. They are in a small room with wood colored walls and a bright window in the background.
Several race participants run on a sun-dappled road. Leaves on the trees behind them are changing from green to red.
People are running a race. There are SUVs in the background.
There is a woman riding a horse with a man standing to her left. They are walking down a dirt road surrounded by rock walls.
The girl is riding a horse. The mountains are huge in the background.
Three people are walking on a muddy trail. There are railroad tracks beside them.
Three people are walking down a dirt road. There is tall grass and trees in the background.
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone. He is covering his ears so he can hear better.
A man is talking on a cell phone. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room.
There is a man talking on a cellphone. He is in a dimly lit room.
A man is talking on a cell phone. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room.
There is a man talking on a cellphone. He is in a dimly lit room.
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone. He is covering his ears so he can hear better.
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people.
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat.
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk.
A young woman running across the street and a man crossing the street.  A city block with very large building with cars parked along the streets and lovely trees here and there.
This is a picture of a child playing the violin. There is a hallway in the background and a bookshelf filled with records and books off to the right.
A girl is playing the violin or fiddle. There is a shelf of records in the background.
There is a girl riding a bike. Behind her there is a house with two cars in the driveway.
A young girl is riding a bike. Three houses, two vehicles, gray concrete and the street are in the background.
A young girl is riding her bicycle. There are houses in the background.
There is a girl riding a bike. Behind her there is a house with two cars in the driveway.
A man is taking a picture of himself with a cellphone using a mirror. Behind him is a white door and wall.
A man is taking a picture of himself in a mirror. A white door and a beige wall are in the background.
A man is talking on a payphone. The phone is silver with a red hand-piece.
A man wearing an orange polo shirt is using a pay phone. In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings.
A man is talking on a telephone. There is a pink building and a tree in the background.
A man wearing an orange polo shirt is using a pay phone. In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings.
A man is talking on a telephone. There is a pink building and a tree in the background.
A man is talking on a payphone. The phone is silver with a red hand-piece.
There is a person taking a picture of another person. They are in a park.
There are two children riding bikes in the street. There are red brick houses and green lawns behind them.
There are two kids riding bikes in the street. There is a house in the background.
A man is looking through a camera on a boat. A brown wooden fence and a white and green boat are in the background.
A man takes a picture in held up canoe. There is another canoe behind him, and grass on a little bit of the floor.
Three people are walking on a path. The path has no clear end, but is surrounded by trees and a fence.
People are walking through an an alley. It's covered with trees.
Three people are walking on a path. The path has no clear end, but is surrounded by trees and a fence.
Three people take a stroll down a path. There are trees and street signs around them.
This is a picture of two men; one of them is using a phone. There is a large wooden cabinet behind them.
There is a man in a tan and wool winter jacket talking on a telephone. Next to him on the left is a bald man with a beard in a brown jacket and behind them is a large wooden cabinet.
There are several people on computers. They are indoors in a well light room.
Senior citizens use computers. Behind them is a white wall with a poster on it.
One man is running and another man is riding a bike. They are on a path surrounded by trees and an open field.
A man on a bicycle pedals behind a jogger. There's a green field and lots of trees.
A woman is riding a white horse in an arena. There are jumps in the arena.
A women is riding a white horse. Behind her there is someone else on a black horse.
A woman wearing a hat is on a white horse. There are other people on horses in the background.
A woman is riding a white horse in an arena. There are jumps in the arena.
A group of people are headed hiking. They leave their car behind to enter the site.
There are two people riding saddled horses. They are on the beach in the sand and there are waves in the background.
Two people riding beautiful horses on a sandy beach. The sky is blue and the ocean is a lovely blue color with white at the end of the waves and a lovely sandy beach.
Two girls pose for the camera. There is a drawn window shade and a white wall behind them.
Five friends are strolling down the road. They are very giggly and happy tonight underneath the moon and stars.
Several people are walking. It is dark in the distance.
There are three girls sitting on the ground doing an art project. There are people and grass in the background.
The girls are sitting in a circle. They are working on a craft.
A man is taking a picture of two people. There are trees in the distance.
A man is taking a photo of two people in the water. There are trees on the bank and very blue water in the background.
A young girl wearing a pick shirt stands by a horse. There is a fence surrounding them.
A girl is adjusting the belt on the horse. She is wearing a pink shirt.
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it.
A young child with black hair is looking intently at a package. The foot of a desk chair can be seen in the background.
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her.
A young child with black hair is looking intently at a package. The foot of a desk chair can be seen in the background.
A man is dancing. There is a window in the background.
There are two young men dancing. They are next to a window and there is a wood frame near the front of the picture.
A toddler wearing a striped shirt and jeans reaches for a telephone. The door behind him is open.
There is a little kid touching a phone. There is an open wooden door in the background.
A young child is standing up and touching a green telephone. In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar.
A toddler wearing a striped shirt and jeans reaches for a telephone. The door behind him is open.
A person sitting at a computer typing and doing some type of project. A nice size room that appears to be a library, there is a sign in desk and there are several bookcases full of books.
A person is working on a computer. The location is at a library.
A young woman is playing the violin. There is a fire burning in the fireplace behind her.
A woman is playing a violin. There is a fireplace in the background.
A young woman is playing the violin. There is a fire burning in the fireplace behind her.
The girl sitting in front of the fireplace is playing the violin. She had long brown hair and is wearing a sweatshirt.
There is a group of people walking on a dirt road. There are trees surrounding them.
Several people are walking. There are trees behind them.
There is a man playing an instrument. There is a crowd of people and a building in the background.
A young man plays his trumpet in an open air public square. Numerous people are in the distance behind him, and pigeons are walking around near him.
A man in a black sweater is playing a silver trumpet. He surrounded by tourists and pigeons.
A young man plays his trumpet in an open air public square. Numerous people are in the distance behind him, and pigeons are walking around near him.
There is a man on a phone. There are posters and a store window in the background.
The man with red hair and glasses is on the phone. He is standing in front of the store window.
A man is playing baseball. There are advertisements behind him.
A man is throwing a baseball. He is wearing a blue hat.
A man takes a picture with his cell phone. There is a pipe and a brick wall behind him.
A man is taking a picture. There is a brick wall behind him.
A man is taking a picture as the flash goes off. He is wearing a light blue shirt.
A man takes a picture with his cell phone. There is a pipe and a brick wall behind him.
People are laughing and smiling. There is a poster behind them.
The man is laughing. There are two others in the room looking at a cell phone.
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a cowboy hat.
A young man in a cowboy hat and t shirt is talking on a pay phone. It is surrounded with gray brick.
A band is playing and a man is singing. There is a microphone in his hand and drums on the stage.
A band is performing on a stage. There is a drum set behind him.
A man is jumping from one rock to the another. There are rocks and a sunny sky in the background.
A man in blue jeans and blue shirt is jumping on a rock. The rock is red and brittle.
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score.
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him.
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans.
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score.
Several people are taking pictures. There are trees in the distance.
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is wearing sunglasses.
There is a young boy on the beach reading a book. In the background is sand and a shoreline.
A boy is reading with his feet in the sand. There is a beach in front him.
A woman is helping a little girl ride a bike. There is a vehicle next to them.
A woman is helping a child on a bicycle. Their shadows fall on a blue car.
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence.
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on.
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him.
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence.
A woman is reading. Another woman is standing behind her.
Two women are cooking from a recipe. There are pictures on the wall of the room and several windows in the background.
There is man holding a light sabre while another person is jumping over it. There is table and a shelf in the background.
A boy in a red short jumps. There is a window and a table in the background.
There is a person playing on a keyboard. You only see their fingers in the picture.
A little girl is playing in the grass. There are petals next to her.
A little girl sitting and appears to be pouring water on her feet.There are bushes around her and a wall.
A little boy is riding a pony. Greenery surrounds them.
A horse attempts to make a jump. A man is behind and looking.
A person is riding a horse. There are trees in the background.
A horse attempts to make a jump. A man is behind and looking.
A person is riding a horse. There are trees in the background.
A little boy is riding a pony. Greenery surrounds them.
There is a woman sitting at a table reading a newspaper, while a man across the table watches her. There is a picture of a baby on the cork-board.
Several people are sitting in chairs at a table. In the background are several windows with light shining through them and several large plants.
A young boy wearing a bright red shirt, dark pants, white leather shoes and a baseball cap, walks along the surf line of a sandy beach. The tide is low and in the distance people can be seen playing in the blue white capped waves.
A little boy is walking on the beach. There is sand beneath him.
People are seated at an outdoor restaurant with white chairs and tables. Colorful umbrellas cover the tables, and pedestrians are walking by.
Several people are sitting at tables. There are trees near them.
A boy and girl are jumping in the air. They are on a covered brick walkway with a statue on the side.
A girl is jumping outside. She is wearing blue jeans.
A man and woman are sitting at a cafe outside, drinking wine. The man is looking at his camera.
A men is seated at a table, looking at the back of his camera. There is a woman next to him, and shops are visible in the background.
A woman is taking a picture with a camera. She is wearing a pair of glasses.
A girl with sunglasses standing on a stone wall while another girl with glasses is taking a picture. There are trees and a river in the background.
Two young women are taking pictures at a scenic overlook. There is a gray stone wall with a rail, trees, and a river.
A woman is taking a picture with a camera. She is wearing a pair of glasses.
A boy is playing a wind instrument. There is a microphone in front of him.
A man is playing the flute. He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him.
