Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room.
A gate and building is behind him.
The road below him is dirty and has dogs running around it.
In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door.
There is a white screen in the background.
There are posters on the wall beside him.
He appears to be in his bedroom and is only wearing shorts.
Another girl is holding the reign.
A portrait is behind him.
A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background.
The picture is black and white.
There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background.
There are trees and a fence to the side.
A type of office waiting room with lovely plants and blinds on the windows.
They are on a beach during the day.
There are pens on the desk.
His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background.
There's a bag on the table.
A large group of people on both sides of the fence ready to watch the show.
Across the four way intersection are two yellow cabs, a minivan, and a row of buildings.
There's another person with a red shirt.
There is a whiteboard beside him on the wall and a plate and drink in front of the laptop on the wooden table.
There is a can of soda on the table and a whiteboard in the background.
There are houses in the background.
There is green grass and houses in the background.
They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background.
There is a table in front of her and a brown wall beside her.
Another man is wearing cleats.
In front of him is a black microphone and a wooden drum.
There is also a drum in front of him.
A sitting room type area with wood on the walls and a table with a covering as well as a white chair.
The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle.
There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings.
The venetian blinds behind her are open.
She is sitting in a big chair.
They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables.
There is an older man behind him.
There is grass and trees in the background.
He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops.
Sand, a storefront with a red awning, and throngs of people are in the background.
There are palm trees in the background.
To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes.
A shelf and changing table are in the background.
There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background.
There is another woman running behind her.
There's a beige stand against the wall, and a Coke cup on the table.
There is a wooden cabinet on the desk and an orange wall in the background.
A dinning room setting with dishes and glass in the china cabinet.
There is a display case with glasses and china in the background.
There are large pillars in the background and another male biker.
There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background.
She is sitting down and he is standing up.
A large dirty brick building with several windows is in the background.
He is going down a dirty alley with a red sign.
Red sign up above him.
Beside is a hot dog stand.
There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas.
He has glasses on top of his head.
There is a large building with a garage door behind him.
Behind him is a gray stone building.
There are light panels on the ceiling.
To the left of him is a large street and across the street are a lot of buildings with various awnings.
He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him.
A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel.
A dirty grey truck, the sidewalk and the street are in the backround.
Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background.
A third women is staring from behind against the wall.
The trees in the background are green in color.
There are trees in the distance.
There is a railing in the background and a green tree.
She is wearing a blue safety helmet and boots.
Behind her is a black fence and green trees.
In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it.
It is the evening time and the sky is dark.
It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him.
Rocks and buildings are in the background.
The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design.
There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench.
There are people and chairs in the background.
There is a building behind him.
There is a horse stable behind him.
The sky is clear and blue.
Snow-covered hills, a forest, and a body of water are in the background.
There are stairs and bushes in the background.
A boy looks on.
She is wearing sunglasses.
There is a monitor and video camera in the background.
In the background is a large brick wall and several people.
Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl.
He is in an Internet cafe.
Parked vehicles line both sides of the street behind her.
There are people watching behind a gait.
A gate is in the background.
There are spectators leaning on the fence.
At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently.
In the background you see another man playing an instrument and the room is very dark.
There is a man sitting and folding his hands.
There are people sitting down near her.
She is wearing a pair of glasses.
There is a garbage can beside her.
In the background is a blue sky with several clouds and a large body of water.

