A man sitting on a bench reading a paper. A large white building with a balcony behind a large black fence. (0)
A man is reading the newspaper. There is an iron fence behind him. (1)
A person is riding a bicycle. There is a white dog in this photo. (2)
A man is riding his bicycle in a poor part of town. There are 3 dogs outside. (3)
Man typing on computer. There are computers on counter next to him. (4)
This is a picture of a man lying down and reading a book. He is on a bed with blue sheets and there are several posters on the wall behind him. (5)
There is a little girl on a horse. She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors. (6)
Two young women are standing in a room. There's a mirror on the wall. (7)
There are two girls facing each other laughing, one girl is on the telephone. There is a television and a mirror hanging on the wall behind them. (8)
A small girl is riding a horse. There are trees and mountains in the background. (9)
A little girl is talking on the phone. She is in her living room with a picture on the wall behind her. (10)
A girl takes a picture. To her side sits her friend and a bottle of water. (11)
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background. (12)
A person is running in a race. A grey van, a wooded area and a street sign are in the backround. (13)
A man plays guitar indoors. A large plant is beside him. (14)
There is a large plant in side of a room. A man is in the background playing the guitar. (15)
A woman is working on a computer. The computer on a desk in a house. (16)
There are three women walking down a street. There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background. (17)
A man is riding a horse. They are at a renaissance fair. (18)
A woman is looking at camera while reading the newspaper. A brown curtain is in the backround. (19)
A woman reading the newspaper. There is a yellow and white table in front of her. (20)
A man is playing soccer. There are trees in the background. (21)
This is a picture of a man playing an acoustic guitar. There is a drum in front of him and a turquoise porch behind him. (22)
A man is playing a red guitar. There is a yellow chair next to him and a small table behind him. (23)
A man is playing guitar. There is a cabinet behind him and a chair. (24)
A woman and a man are reading books. There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall. (25)
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat. (26)
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people. (27)
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk. (28)
A man is riding a motorcycle. There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background. (29)
There is a girl reading a book on a blue sofa. There is a window behind her. (30)
A boy is sitting on a pony. They are in a horse stall with two other people. (31)
A man is typing on a laptop computer. There is another individual in the background doing the same and shelves in the back. (32)
A man is working at a computer. 2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background. (33)
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls. (34)
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background. (35)
There is a person in blue jeans riding a bicycle on a road. To the right of him is a patch of sand and in front of him are some buildings with a lot of people walking alongside them. (36)
A baby is sitting in a chair reading a book. There is a wooden shelf on the left and some more books in the background. (37)
There is a man in a suit looking at a laptop. The man is sitting on a red and yellow couch and there is a picture on the wall behind him. (38)
A woman with the number 591 attached to her white top by a piece of paper is running along a track. Behind her are some trees, a large fence, and several other people who are also running. (39)
A woman running in some kind of race or marathon. A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around. (40)
Two men on stage smoking cigarettes and playing guitar. A small stage with blue walls in the background and people performing on stage. (41)
Two men are playing guitars and smoking. A Gray wall and white ceiling are in the background. (42)
A man is working on a computer. There is a orange wall behind him and coke cup on the desk. (43)
A girl is riding her bike. There is a man in the background riding his bike. (44)
A man is riding a motorcycle. The road is salmon colored. (45)
A person is looking at a book with a child. A blue plate and a brown box are in the backround. (46)
There is a man sitting on a crate reading a newspaper. There is a hotdog stand next to the man. (47)
There is a man sitting reading a newspaper on a sidewalk. There is a food vendor cart and a street with a car and some pedestrians in the background. (48)
There is a man talking on his phone. There is nothing but white walls in the background. (49)
A man talking on the telephone. There is a whith wall in the background. (50)
There is a boy talking on a cordless phone. he is wearing a red shirt and there is a shiny object in the background. (51)
Two girls pose for a picture, one of them is on a cell phone. There is a white wall and a window with closed venetian blinds behind them. (52)
A girl holds a camera. She is in a crowded room. (53)
This is a picture of a man in a grey shirt using a pay phone. There is a street in the background with several large buildings on the other side. (54)
A man is talking on the phone at a phone booth. The is a white arrow in the background. (55)
A boy is riding a bike that has some type of canvas bag on the side. There is a mural of a city painted on a wall, and behind that some type of building under construction. (56)
The boy is running in a race. He is followed by two other racers. (57)
Young girl getting ready for school. Online schooling; you can even do it wrapped in a towel. (58)
Two ladies are dancing. There is another lady in the background who isn't dancing, but is standing by a wall or door. (59)
Two women in dresses are dancing. There is a partition and a lady standing against a brown wall in the background. (60)
A trainer giving direction to a student taking riding lessons. A beautiful riding arena with a wooden fence and large trees in the background. (61)
Basketball player in the Lakers uniform just avoids a block move from an opposing teams player. There are three full levels of people watching the game. (62)
there is a lakers player jumping in front of a bulls player on the basketball court. There are people sitting in the seats surrounding the court. (63)
Three people are playing a piano together. There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano. (64)
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man. (65)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window. (66)
A boy is playing the drums. There are several cars in the background. (67)
A band with mainly drums and cymbals. A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot. (68)
A man on a bicycle, with a child on the back, has stopped to snap a photo. There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind. (69)
A woman is taking a photo. She is standing on a brick road. (70)
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her. (71)
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it. (72)
Lady is catching her toddler in a pool. There are other children in the pool as well. (73)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing sandals. (74)
A person is riding a brown horse. They are wearing blue jeans. (75)
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars. A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look. (76)
A man dressed in a very special uniform on a beautiful horse. A very steep hill with lovely landscaping and a pretty black staircase with railing going up the hill. (77)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (78)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (79)
A man is on a computer. He is wearing a jacket. (80)
The boy is jumping off rocks into the water. He is holding his nose in anticipation of the landing. (81)
A peson is jumping into water. A jagged brown rock face is in the background. (82)
A man is playing a musical instrument. He is wearing athletic shoes. (83)
A man is playing an accordion. There are several others playing instruments and a girl sleeping on a couch in the background. (84)
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him. (85)
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on. (86)
A rider on a horse jumps over an obstacle during a competition. Trees and grass are in the background. (87)
A person wearing a black and white helmet is riding a horse that is jumping over several poles. In the background are several trees, several buildings, and a horse. (88)
A man making a speak at a podium. He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone. (89)
A person is jumping outside. There are some trees in the background. (90)
A man is jumping off of a stone bench. He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance. (91)
A man is playing a piano. Another man is playing another instrument in front of him. (92)
A man is reading a musical composition. There is a piano in front of him. (93)
A woman is clapping her hands together. She has freckles in her arm. (94)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a hat and a sweater. (95)
A man stands in a telephone booth talking on the telephone. The booth has glass on either sides. (96)
A woman is walking outside. There are trees in the background. (97)
A green trash bin is overstuffed and bags of trash are sitting near it. A woman wearing a pink shirt is running down the street behind the bin. (98)
Two people are seated and using laptops. There is a bookshelf and several storage boxes along the wall in the background. (99)
A woman is talking in a phone booth. It is a cloudy winter day in the background. (100)
 (101)
