A little blonde girl is opening a box and pulling out a present and pretending to drink from a green-patterned cup. Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room. (0)
A man is reading a newspaper. A gate and building is behind him. (1)
A man rides a bicycle. The road below him is dirty and has dogs running around it. (2)
Three women are taking photographs. In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door. (3)
A woman is at her computer. There is a white screen in the background. (4)
There is a young man in boxers reading a book in bed. There are posters on the wall beside him. (5)
A young man is reading a book in bed. He appears to be in his bedroom and is only wearing shorts. (6)
A small girl is on a horse. Another girl is holding the reign. (7)
A small child is talking on the phone. A portrait is behind him. (8)
A woman is taking a picture. A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background. (9)
A woman is taking a picture of her friend. The picture is black and white. (10)
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background. (11)
There are two people riding horses into a field. There are trees and a fence to the side. (12)
A person sitting on a chair looking around the room. A type of office waiting room with lovely plants and blinds on the windows. (13)
There is a man and women both on horses. They are on a beach during the day. (14)
A young man types on his laptop computer. There are pens on the desk. (15)
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background. (16)
A man is reading a newspaper. There's a bag on the table. (17)
A person on a horse with a blanket on its back possible some kind of dual. A large group of people on both sides of the fence ready to watch the show. (18)
A man and a little girl are holding hands about to walk across a street. Across the four way intersection are two yellow cabs, a minivan, and a row of buildings. (19)
A young woman sits at a bank of computers. There's another person with a red shirt. (20)
There is a man facing away from the camera looking at a laptop. There is a whiteboard beside him on the wall and a plate and drink in front of the laptop on the wooden table. (21)
A man is on his laptop. There is a can of soda on the table and a whiteboard in the background. (22)
A horse is jumping over an obstacle. There are houses in the background. (23)
A person is riding a horse as it jumps. There is green grass and houses in the background. (24)
People are running a marathon. They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background. (25)
A woman is reading a paper. There is a table in front of her and a brown wall beside her. (26)
A man is running. Another man is wearing cleats. (27)
A smiling man wearing blue jeans and a multicolored vest is playing an electric acoustic guitar. In front of him is a black microphone and a wooden drum. (28)
A man is playing guitar. There is also a drum in front of him. (29)
A man with a long sleeve shirt and light trousers playing a guitar. A sitting room type area with wood on the walls and a table with a covering as well as a white chair. (30)
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle. (31)
A man is driving a motorcycle through a parking lot. There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings. (32)
A toddler on a blue couch peers at a book. The venetian blinds behind her are open. (33)
A young girl is looking at a book. She is sitting in a big chair. (34)
A young child is riding a small horse while one man guides the horse and another man watches. They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables. (35)
There is a boy on a brown pony. There is an older man behind him. (36)
There are two people with on taking a picture of the other. There is grass and trees in the background. (37)
This is a picture of a man riding a bike. He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops. (38)
A person is riding a bike down a path. Sand, a storefront with a red awning, and throngs of people are in the background. (39)
People are walking across a field. There are palm trees in the background. (40)
There is a baby sitting in a chair thumbing through a small book. To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes. (41)
A baby is sitting in a chair looking at a book. A shelf and changing table are in the background. (42)
A man in a tan tuxedo is on an apple laptop. There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background. (43)
A woman is running a race. There is another woman running behind her. (44)
A man is sitting at a computer. There's a beige stand against the wall, and a Coke cup on the table. (45)
There is a man wearing a red shirt sitting at a desk using a computer. There is a wooden cabinet on the desk and an orange wall in the background. (46)
A small group of students playing a very large musical instrument. A dinning room setting with dishes and glass in the china cabinet. (47)
There is a boy and two girls practicing the cello. There is a display case with glasses and china in the background. (48)
A woman is riding a bicycle and smiling. There are large pillars in the background and another male biker. (49)
This is a picture of a man riding a motorcycle. There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background. (50)
A woman is reading a child a book. She is sitting down and he is standing up. (51)
A man is riding a bicycle down an alley. A large dirty brick building with several windows is in the background. (52)
A man is riding a motorbike. He is going down a dirty alley with a red sign. (53)
Man riding motor bike through alley. Red sign up above him. (54)
A black man is reading the newspaper. Beside is a hot dog stand. (55)
There are three people walking down a path away from a maroon car. There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas. (56)
A man is talking on his cell phone. He has glasses on top of his head. (57)
A man talks on his cell phone. There is a large building with a garage door behind him. (58)
A man is holding a cellphone to his ear. Behind him is a gray stone building. (59)
A young woman is examining a digital camera. There are light panels on the ceiling. (60)
A man with tattoos is slightly hunched over while he makes a phone call using a payphone. To the left of him is a large street and across the street are a lot of buildings with various awnings. (61)
There is a boy on a bicycle. He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him. (62)
A person riding a bicycle down the road, with a baseball cap on. A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel. (63)
3 men are running in a race. A dirty grey truck, the sidewalk and the street are in the backround. (64)
A woman is sitting at her computer with her headphones on. Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background. (65)
Two women are dancing in dresses. A third women is staring from behind against the wall. (66)
A child is learning to ride a horse. The trees in the background are green in color. (67)
Someone is sitting on a horse. There are trees in the distance. (68)
A person is riding a horse. There is a railing in the background and a green tree. (69)
A young girl is sitting on a white horse. She is wearing a blue safety helmet and boots. (70)
There is a girl on a white horse. Behind her is a black fence and green trees. (71)
There is a man taking a photo. In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it. (72)
A snowboarder is jumpid in mid air. It is the evening time and the sky is dark. (73)
A man is snowboarding in winter clothes. It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him. (74)
A man jumps across the water to reach the other sand mound. Rocks and buildings are in the background. (75)
A woman in red pants and a white blouse takes a picture with her camera. The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design. (76)
A man and a woman smoking cigarettes. There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench. (77)
There is a little kid jumping into a swimming pool while a woman tries to catch them. There are people and chairs in the background. (78)
A man is reading. There is a building behind him. (79)
A man is sitting on a horse. There is a horse stable behind him. (80)
A man is jumping in the air. The sky is clear and blue. (81)
A male hiker climbs over ruts on a hill. Snow-covered hills, a forest, and a body of water are in the background. (82)
A man is riding a horse. There are stairs and bushes in the background. (83)
A little girl is riding a pony. A boy looks on. (84)
A girl is riding a pony. She is wearing sunglasses. (85)
A woman is video conferencing with another woman. There is a monitor and video camera in the background. (86)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (87)
A man sitting on a chair is acting crazy, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes squinted. Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl. (88)
A man is in deep thought. He is in an Internet cafe. (89)
A young blond female is crossing the street with a phone against her ear. Parked vehicles line both sides of the street behind her. (90)
Two men are running side by side in a race. There are people watching behind a gait. (91)
Two men are racing each other. A gate is in the background. (92)
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence. (93)
The lady reads the happily reads a recipe. At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently. (94)
man is playing a piano. In the background you see another man playing an instrument and the room is very dark. (95)
A woman is clapping and laughing. There is a man sitting and folding his hands. (96)
A woman is smiling. There are people sitting down near her. (97)
A woman is reading a newspaper. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (98)
A woman is running. There is a garbage can beside her. (99)
A woman is laying on a towel on a beach in a bikini. In the background is a blue sky with several clouds and a large body of water. (100)
 (101)
