A man is reading the newspaper. There is an iron fence behind him. (0)
A man sitting on a bench reading a paper. A large white building with a balcony behind a large black fence. (1)
A man is riding his bicycle in a poor part of town. There are 3 dogs outside. (2)
A person is riding a bicycle. There is a white dog in this photo. (3)
There are two girls facing each other laughing, one girl is on the telephone. There is a television and a mirror hanging on the wall behind them. (4)
Two young women are standing in a room. There's a mirror on the wall. (5)
A person is running in a race. A grey van, a wooded area and a street sign are in the backround. (6)
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background. (7)
There is a large plant in side of a room. A man is in the background playing the guitar. (8)
A man plays guitar indoors. A large plant is beside him. (9)
A woman reading the newspaper. There is a yellow and white table in front of her. (10)
A woman is looking at camera while reading the newspaper. A brown curtain is in the backround. (11)
A man is playing guitar. There is a cabinet behind him and a chair. (12)
A man is playing a red guitar. There is a yellow chair next to him and a small table behind him. (13)
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people. (14)
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat. (15)
A man is working at a computer.2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background. (16)
A man is typing on a laptop computer. There is another individual in the background doing the same and shelves in the back. (17)
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background. (18)
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls. (19)
A woman running in some kind of race or marathon.  A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around. (20)
A woman with the number 591 attached to her white top by a piece of paper is running along a track. Behind her are some trees, a large fence, and several other people who are also running. (21)
Two men are playing guitars and smoking. A Gray wall and white ceiling are in the background. (22)
Two men on stage smoking cigarettes and playing guitar. A small stage with blue walls in the background and people performing on stage. (23)
There is a man sitting reading a newspaper on a sidewalk. There is a food vendor cart and a street with a car and some pedestrians in the background. (24)
There is a man sitting on a crate reading a newspaper. There is a hotdog stand next to the man. (25)
A man talking on the telephone. There is a whith wall in the background. (26)
There is a boy talking on a cordless phone. he is wearing a red shirt and there is a shiny object in the background. (27)
There is a man talking on his phone. There is nothing but white walls in the background. (28)
There is a boy talking on a cordless phone. he is wearing a red shirt and there is a shiny object in the background. (29)
There is a man talking on his phone. There is nothing but white walls in the background. (30)
A man talking on the telephone. There is a whith wall in the background. (31)
A man is talking on the phone at a phone booth. The is a white arrow in the background. (32)
This is a picture of a man in a grey shirt using a pay phone. There is a street in the background with several large buildings on the other side. (33)
Two women in dresses are dancing. There is a partition and a lady standing against a brown wall in the background. (34)
Two ladies are dancing. There is another lady in the background who isn't dancing, but is standing by a wall or door. (35)
there is a lakers player jumping in front of a bulls player on the basketball court. There are people sitting in the seats surrounding the court. (36)
Basketball player in the Lakers uniform just avoids a block move from an opposing teams player. There are three full levels of people watching the game. (37)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window. (38)
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man. (39)
A band with mainly drums and cymbals. A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot. (40)
A boy is playing the drums. There are several cars in the background. (41)
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it. (42)
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her. (43)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (44)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (45)
A peson is jumping into water. A jagged brown rock face is in the background. (46)
The boy is jumping off rocks into the water. He is holding his nose in anticipation of the landing. (47)
A man is playing an accordion. There are several others playing instruments and a girl sleeping on a couch in the background. (48)
A man is playing a musical instrument. He is wearing athletic shoes. (49)
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on. (50)
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him. (51)
A person wearing a black and white helmet is riding a horse that is jumping over several poles. In the background are several trees, several buildings, and a horse. (52)
A rider on a horse jumps over an obstacle during a competition. Trees and grass are in the background. (53)
A man is jumping off of a stone bench. He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance. (54)
A person is jumping outside. There are some trees in the background. (55)
A man is reading a musical composition. There is a piano in front of him. (56)
A man is playing a piano. Another man is playing another instrument in front of him. (57)
A man stands in a telephone booth talking on the telephone.The booth has glass on either sides. (58)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a hat and a sweater. (59)
A woman is in the telephone booth using the telephone. The sky over the two red and green houses is grey and the trees lost their leaves. (60)
A woman is talking in a phone booth. It is a cloudy winter day in the background. (61)
