A man is reading a newspaper. A gate and building is behind him.
A man is reading the newspaper. There is an iron fence behind him.
A man sitting on a bench reading a paper. A large white building with a balcony behind a large black fence.
A man is reading a newspaper. A gate and building is behind him.
A man is riding his bicycle in a poor part of town. There are 3 dogs outside.
A man rides a bicycle. The road below him is dirty and has dogs running around it.
A person is riding a bicycle. There is a white dog in this photo.
A man rides a bicycle. The road below him is dirty and has dogs running around it.
A woman is at her computer. There is a white screen in the background.
There is a young man in boxers reading a book in bed. There are posters on the wall beside him.
A young man is reading a book in bed. He appears to be in his bedroom and is only wearing shorts.
A small girl is on a horse. Another girl is holding the reign.
There is a small child on a horse. They are standing in a pen with a dirt floor in a barn.
A girl is talking on the phone with her friend next to her. They are in front of a mirror and tv.
There are two girls facing each other laughing, one girl is on the telephone. There is a television and a mirror hanging on the wall behind them.
Two young women are standing in a room. There's a mirror on the wall.
A girl is talking on the phone with her friend next to her. They are in front of a mirror and tv.
A young girl is riding a brown saddled horse. A woman is leading them through a grassy field and there are trees and mountains in the background.
A small child is talking on the phone. A portrait is behind him.
A woman is taking a picture. A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background.
A woman is taking a picture of her friend. The picture is black and white.
A person is running in a race. A grey van, a wooded area and a street sign are in the backround.
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background.
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background.
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background.
A person sitting on a chair looking around the room. A type of office waiting room with lovely plants and blinds on the windows.
There is a large plant in side of a room. A man is in the background playing the guitar.
A person sitting on a chair looking around the room. A type of office waiting room with lovely plants and blinds on the windows.
A man plays guitar indoors. A large plant is beside him.
A person is sitting at a desk using a computer. A brown couch with blankets on it, a doorway, and 2 wall hangings are in the backround.
A boy is on the computer. He is inside of an asian household.
Two girls with handbags and another person walking down the sidewalk. A street with cars, trees on the edge of the sidewalk and large buildings on each side.
Three women are walking down a street. There are buildings, cars and trees in front of them.
A person on a horse with a blanket on its back possible some kind of dual. A large group of people on both sides of the fence ready to watch the show.
A woman is reading a paper. There is a table in front of her and a brown wall beside her.
A woman reading the newspaper. There is a yellow and white table in front of her.
A woman is looking at camera while reading the newspaper. A brown curtain is in the backround.
A woman is reading a paper. There is a table in front of her and a brown wall beside her.
A man is running. Another man is wearing cleats.
This is a picture of two men running across a grassy field. There is a forest in the background.
A smiling man wearing blue jeans and a multicolored vest is playing an electric acoustic guitar. In front of him is a black microphone and a wooden drum.
A man is playing guitar. There is also a drum in front of him.
A man with a long sleeve shirt and light trousers playing a guitar. A sitting room type area with wood on the walls and a table with a covering as well as a white chair.
A man is playing guitar. There is a cabinet behind him and a chair.
A man with a long sleeve shirt and light trousers playing a guitar. A sitting room type area with wood on the walls and a table with a covering as well as a white chair.
A man is playing a red guitar. There is a yellow chair next to him and a small table behind him.
There is a man and a woman sitting on a couch reading books. There is a picture hanging on the wall behind them.
Two people are sitting down and reading. There is a picture on the wall behind them.
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people.
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat.
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle.
A young woman running across the street and a man crossing the street.  A city block with very large building with cars parked along the streets and lovely trees here and there.
A man is driving a motorcycle through a parking lot. There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings.
A man is riding a motorcycle. There are other motorcycles in the parking lot.
A toddler on a blue couch peers at a book. The venetian blinds behind her are open.
A young girl is looking at a book. She is sitting in a big chair.
A young child is riding a small horse while one man guides the horse and another man watches. They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables.
There is a boy on a brown pony and an older man behind him. They are in a barn with gray metal walls.
Two people are working at laptops. There are red and black chairs and white wall.
A man is working at a computer.2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background.
Two people are working at laptops. There are red and black chairs and white wall.
A man is typing on a laptop computer. There is another individual in the background doing the same and shelves in the back.
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background.
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls.
This is a picture of a man riding a bike. He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops.
A person is riding a bike down a path. Sand, a storefront with a red awning, and throngs of people are in the background.
There is a baby sitting in a chair thumbing through a small book. To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes.
A baby is sitting in a chair looking at a book. A shelf and changing table are in the background.
There is a man in a suit facing the camera and using a mac laptop. He is sitting on a red couch and there is a painting on the wall behind him.
A man in a tan tuxedo is on an apple laptop. There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background.
A woman is running a race. There is another woman running behind her.
A woman running in some kind of race or marathon.  A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around.
A woman is running a race. There is another woman running behind her.
A woman with the number 591 attached to her white top by a piece of paper is running along a track. Behind her are some trees, a large fence, and several other people who are also running.
There are two young men with long hair holding electric guitars and smoking cigarettes while looking at the camera. The wall behind them is dark blue.
Two men are playing guitars and smoking. A Gray wall and white ceiling are in the background.
There are two young men with long hair holding electric guitars and smoking cigarettes while looking at the camera. The wall behind them is dark blue.
Two men on stage smoking cigarettes and playing guitar. A small stage with blue walls in the background and people performing on stage.
A man is sitting at a computer. There's a beige stand against the wall, and a Coke cup on the table.
There is a man wearing a red shirt sitting at a desk using a computer. There is a wooden cabinet on the desk and an orange wall in the background.
A woman is riding a bicycle and smiling. There are large pillars in the background and another male biker.
This is a picture of two people riding on their bicycles. They are riding on a stone walkway and there is a columned brick building in the background.
This is a picture of a man riding a motorcycle. There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background.
Two people are looking at a book. One is an adult the other a child.
A woman is reading a child a book. She is sitting down and he is standing up.
A black man is reading the newspaper. Beside is a hot dog stand.
There is a man sitting reading a newspaper on a sidewalk. There is a food vendor cart and a street with a car and some pedestrians in the background.
A black man is reading the newspaper. Beside is a hot dog stand.
There is a man sitting on a crate reading a newspaper. There is a hotdog stand next to the man.
A man talking on the telephone. There is a whith wall in the background.
There is a boy talking on a cordless phone. he is wearing a red shirt and there is a shiny object in the background.
There is a man talking on his phone. There is nothing but white walls in the background.
There is a boy talking on a cordless phone. he is wearing a red shirt and there is a shiny object in the background.
There is a man talking on his phone. There is nothing but white walls in the background.
A man talking on the telephone. There is a whith wall in the background.
Two girls pose for the camera. There is a drawn window shade and a white wall behind them.
There is a girl looking at pictures on a camera. There are people sitting next to her at a table, which appears to be in a cafeteria setting.
A young woman is examining a digital camera. There are light panels on the ceiling.
A man with tattoos is slightly hunched over while he makes a phone call using a payphone. To the left of him is a large street and across the street are a lot of buildings with various awnings.
A man is talking on the phone at a phone booth. The is a white arrow in the background.
A man with tattoos is slightly hunched over while he makes a phone call using a payphone. To the left of him is a large street and across the street are a lot of buildings with various awnings.
This is a picture of a man in a grey shirt using a pay phone. There is a street in the background with several large buildings on the other side.
There is a boy on a bicycle. He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him.
A person riding a bicycle down the road, with a baseball cap on.  A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel.
3 men are running in a race. A dirty grey truck, the sidewalk and the street are in the backround.
Three men are running in a race. They are running on the street and there are several trucks parked behind them.
A woman is sitting at her computer with her headphones on. Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background.
A woman is using a computer. She is wearing over the ear headphones.
Two women are dancing in dresses. A third women is staring from behind against the wall.
Two women in dresses are dancing. There is a partition and a lady standing against a brown wall in the background.
Two women are dancing in dresses. A third women is staring from behind against the wall.
Two ladies are dancing. There is another lady in the background who isn't dancing, but is standing by a wall or door.
A child is learning to ride a horse. The trees in the background are green in color.
Someone is sitting on a horse. There are trees in the distance.
there is a lakers player jumping in front of a bulls player on the basketball court. There are people sitting in the seats surrounding the court.
Basketball player in the Lakers uniform just avoids a block move from an opposing teams player. There are three full levels of people watching the game.
Three people playing a piano. A piano with snacks on the top in a small room that appears to be very cluttered.
Three people are playing the piano. There are packages of Chinese soups on top of the piano.
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window.
There is a man taking a photo. In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it.
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man.
There is a man taking a photo. In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it.
Two people are playing the drums. There is a vehicle behind them.
A band with mainly drums and cymbals. A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot.
A boy is playing the drums. There are several cars in the background.
Two people are playing the drums. There is a vehicle behind them.
A man is taking a picture while riding a bike. A child is sitting in a seat attached to the bike.
A woman in red pants and a white blouse takes a picture with her camera. The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design.
A woman is taking a picture. There is a sanding ground with lines all over it in the background.
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it.
A young child with black hair is looking intently at a package. The foot of a desk chair can be seen in the background.
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her.
A young child with black hair is looking intently at a package. The foot of a desk chair can be seen in the background.
There is a little kid jumping into a swimming pool while a woman tries to catch them. There are people and chairs in the background.
A man sits in a lounge chair and reads a magazine. There is a large apartment complex in the background behind him.
A man is reading. There is a building behind him.
The man in the blue shirt is sitting tilted on the horse. They are being led away from the stable.
A man is sitting on a horse. There is a horse stable behind him.
There is a group of people walking on a dirt road. There are trees surrounding them.
Several people are walking. There are trees behind them.
The man in the red jacket is riding a white horse. They are on the sidewalk in front of the stairs.
A man is riding a horse. There are stairs and bushes in the background.
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people.
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on.
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background.
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people.
A man is in deep thought. He is in an Internet cafe.
A man is gazing at a computer. There are other computers and bright sunshine.
A girl is jumping off the rocks into the water. There are a lot of rough, rocky surfaces in the background.
A peson is jumping into water. A jagged brown rock face is in the background.
The boy is jumping off rocks into the water. He is holding his nose in anticipation of the landing.
A girl is jumping off the rocks into the water. There are a lot of rough, rocky surfaces in the background.
There is a circle of people playing musical instruments. The carpet is dark and there is a window.
A man is playing an accordion. There are several others playing instruments and a girl sleeping on a couch in the background.
A man is playing a musical instrument. He is wearing athletic shoes.
There is a circle of people playing musical instruments. The carpet is dark and there is a window.
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence.
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on.
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him.
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence.
A person wearing a black and white helmet is riding a horse that is jumping over several poles. In the background are several trees, several buildings, and a horse.
Someone is riding a horse. There is grass beneath them.
A rider on a horse jumps over an obstacle during a competition. Trees and grass are in the background.
Someone is riding a horse. There is grass beneath them.
A man standing and reading a book. There is a microphone infront of him and the book is on the podium.
A man is standing on a small podium with a microphone. He is wearing a dark coat.
A young man dressed in dark clothing is jumping into the air. There are small benches on the walkway beneath him.
A man is jumping off of a stone bench. He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance.
A young man dressed in dark clothing is jumping into the air. There are small benches on the walkway beneath him.
A person is jumping outside. There are some trees in the background.
A man is reading a musical composition. There is a piano in front of him.
man is playing a piano. In the background you see another man playing an instrument and the room is very dark.
A man is playing a piano. Another man is playing another instrument in front of him.
man is playing a piano. In the background you see another man playing an instrument and the room is very dark.
A woman is clapping and laughing. There is a man sitting and folding his hands.
A woman is smiling. There are people sitting down near her.
The old timer talks on a pay phone. He has exceptionally large feet.
A man stands in a telephone booth talking on the telephone.The booth has glass on either sides.
The old timer talks on a pay phone. He has exceptionally large feet.
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a hat and a sweater.
People are seated at an outdoor restaurant with white chairs and tables. Colorful umbrellas cover the tables, and pedestrians are walking by.
Several people are sitting at tables. There are trees near them.
A woman is running. There is a garbage can beside her.
A short-haired woman wearing a long-sleeve pink top and black running tights is running on the street. There is an overfilled green trash can with trash spewing out of it in the foreground.
There are two men sitting down using laptop computers. There is an unsed laptop in the foreground and shelves with boxes in the background.
The bachelors sit at their computers. The room is cluttered with 3 computers present.
A woman is in the telephone booth using the telephone. The sky over the two red and green houses is grey and the trees lost their leaves.
A woman is talking on a payphone. There are trees in the background.
A woman is talking in a phone booth. It is a cloudy winter day in the background.
A woman is talking on a payphone. There are trees in the background.
