A female child is riding what appears to be a horse. She appears to be in a park or a forest.
There is a young girl riding a pony. The pony has a colorful head peace on its head.
There is a small girl riding on pony that is wearing a red mask. There is a tree and grass behind them.
There is a boy on a laptop. There is a red iron gate behind him.
A person working on a computer having a fun time. A house siting in the background with a large window.
A boy is using the computer. There is a window in the background.
A man is reading a book. In the background there are several skyscrapers and an asphalt roof.
A man is reading the newspaper. There are tall buildings in the background.
This is a picture of a man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper. There is a road in front of him and a city skyline in the background.
There is a girl taking a photograph of a bicycle. There is a gate in front of her and stairs behind her.
There is a woman standing in a tunnel taking a photograph of a bicycle. The bike is leaning against a gate and there are stairs in the background leading up to daylight.
A woman is taking a picture of a bicycle. She's standing by some stairs in a tunnel.
Two young men are wearing white graduation caps and gowns. There are trees and people in the background.
Two graduates are posing for the camera. It's sunny and many people are in the area.
Two smiling males are wearing white graduation caps and gowns, one is holding a phone to his ear. There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not.
A man is holding a baby while talking on the phone. A kitchen counter and cabinets are in the background.
There is a man holding a baby and talking on a cellphone. There is a kitchen behind him with brown wooden cabinetry.
A couple of people are strolling along a decorative walkway. There is a long line of trees in the background.
Two people are walking down a sidewalk. Large expanses of green grass, square bushes and a large building are in the background.
Two people are walking on a walkway. There is a neat row of trees behind them.
There are two children playing with tires on a track. Behind them is a field and a crowd of people.
There is a child with a hat and one arm up jumping with one leg on a track. To the right and left are black rubber tires.
A man sitting on a bench reading a paper. A large white building with a balcony behind a large black fence.
A man is reading a newspaper. A gate and building is behind him.
A man is reading the newspaper. There is an iron fence behind him.
A person is riding a bicycle. There is a white dog in this photo.
A man is riding his bicycle in a poor part of town. There are 3 dogs outside.
A man rides a bicycle. The road below him is dirty and has dogs running around it.
Three women are taking photographs. In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door.
A man playing electric guitar. Bright light up above.
A man is playing a guitar. A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background.
A woman is at her computer. There is a white screen in the background.
Man typing on computer. There are computers on counter next to him.
A person wearing a helmet and a lot of pads is riding along a trail on a mountain bike. To the right and left are patches of grass and behind are a lot of green trees.
A woman is riding a bicycle. She is riding on a trail.
A woman rides a mountain bike. It is sunny out and there are trees behind her.
There is a young man in boxers reading a book in bed. There are posters on the wall beside him.
A young man is reading a book in bed. He appears to be in his bedroom and is only wearing shorts.
This is a picture of a man lying down and reading a book. He is on a bed with blue sheets and there are several posters on the wall behind him.
A man is playing an instrument. He is standing in the grass with trees behind him.
A guy in dress clothes is playing the trumpet. There is lots of shrubbery behind him.
There is a man in a white shirt and tie playing a trumpet. He is standing in a grassy area and there are bushes and trees in the background.
A person is riding a scooter with a helmet on. A white building, and brown roofing are in the background.
A man is on a scooter that is carrying blue cases. There is a building and trees in the background.
A small girl is on a horse. Another girl is holding the reign.
There is a little girl on a horse. She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors.
A girl is taking a photograph. She is sitting next to a patterned shoe, on a yellow painted sidewalk.
This is a picture of a girl kneeling down. She is on the curb of a street taking a picture.
A woman with black and white sneakers is sitting down taking a picture with her camera. In front of the woman is a parking lot and to the left of her is a person wearing blue jeans and black and white checkered shoes.
There is a man running towards the camera wearing an orange shirt. There are trees and a lake behind him.
A man is running. There is green grass under his feet and green leaves in the background.
A man is running a race. There is grass and foliage behind him.
A man is playing a guitar. In the background there is a bookcase with a picture on it.
A man is playing the guitar. There is a bookshelf in the background.
A man is playing the guitar. There is a wooden bookshelf and Christmas lights lining a door behind him.
There is a man jogging in a red shirt and sunglasses. There is another man jogging behind him, a wooden building, and a cement bench.
A man is running a race. There is another runner behind him and trees in the background.
A man is running a race or marathon. There is another runner behind him.
A young girl is running outside. It is a sunny day with some shade and the grass is green.
There is a small girl running in the grass. The background is dark but there are clearly some trees.
A little girl is running on grass. She's wearing a red shirt and striped shorts.
Two young women are standing in a room. There's a mirror on the wall.
There are two girls facing each other laughing, one girl is on the telephone. There is a television and a mirror hanging on the wall behind them.
People are riding horses on a trail. Trees and grass are in the background.
A woman is taking a picture. Green grass, trees and a blue skyline are in the background.
A woman talking a picture wearing a tube top with a tie at the neck. A beautiful mountain scene with trees large and small.
A woman is taking a photograph. She is standing in front of an evergreen tree.
The man is looking through his camera. He is in a parking lot with cars surrounding him and there are buildings behind the parking lot.
A man takes a photo of his shoes. He is in a parking lot.
A person holding a camera and talking a picture. A beautiful lake with trees and houses all around.
A woman is taking a picture of a lake with a digital camera. There is a green field in the background.
A person is taking a picture with a digital camera. There is a body of water in the background.
A man is playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it.
A man is playing a cello. There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass.
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background.
A man is standing in front of a sign. The sign is Universal Pictures.
A man is standing in front of Universal theme park. The American flag is blowing in the wind.
There is a man posing for a picture. In the back ground there is a large universal studios globe.
A father is walking his son. There is a beige wall and another man behind him.
A man and young boy are walking. The floor is very shiney.
A small child is talking on the phone. A portrait is behind him.
A little girl is talking on the phone. She is in her living room with a picture on the wall behind her.
A girl takes a picture. To her side sits her friend and a bottle of water.
A woman is taking a picture. A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background.
A woman is taking a picture of her friend. The picture is black and white.
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background.
A person is running in a race. A grey van, a wooded area and a street sign are in the backround.
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background.
Several people are walking along on a city street. There are tall buildings in the background.
People are walking on a street. There is a brick road and buildings in the background.
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background.
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background.
A man is riding a bike. There is a car going the other direction in the background.
A man is riding a bicycle and smiling. There are large skinny trees in the background.
There is a man wearing a blue shirt and a helmet on a mountain bike. He is riding through grassy terrain and there are large pine trees in the background.
A man is riding his bike on a trail. There is dirt and trees in the background.
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed.
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall.
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background.
A man is playing the saxophone. There is a guitar beside him.
There is a man playing a saxophone. There is a guitar next to him on the ground.
A woman is riding a horse. There is a yellow jump bar and trees in the background.
There is a girl riding horseback. She is on a sandy area with lots of green foliage and a gate in the background.
There is a woman wearing a helmet riding a horse. There is a jumping barrier and trees in the background.
There is a girl about to finish a race. There is a yellow van with the doors open on the side.
A woman is about to cross the finish line of a race. A van, buidlings, and other people are in the background.
A person running in some type of race and just ready to go through the finish line. A street with houses and apartments and a yellow van sitting on the side of the building.
This is a picture of man on a cell phone. There is a white brick wall with a small sign on it behind him.
A man is talking on a phone. There is a white wall with a sign about New York behind him.
A foreign man with sunglasses talking on a cell phone. A large building and a mountain in the background.
There is a women jogging. She is next to a wall with vegetation growing on the ground.
A woman is running. She is wearing a pink top.
A woman is jogging. She is next to a building with plants growing at its base.
A man is riding a moped giving the peace sign. It is dark out.
A man riding a motor scooter holding his fingers in a peace sign. A very dark background with lots of trees and a mountain with a tiny bit of light in the distance.
This is a man wearing a blue shirt riding a small motorcycle. He is riding on pavement and there are some trees in the background and a dark sky above.
A person sitting on a chair looking around the room. A type of office waiting room with lovely plants and blinds on the windows.
A man plays guitar indoors. A large plant is beside him.
There is a large plant in side of a room. A man is in the background playing the guitar.
There is a man in a red track outfit running. There is a grass field and a crowd of people in the background.
A man wearing red shorts and a tank is running. People and trees are in the background.
There is a man running quickly in a red outfit. The background is a motion blur of grass, trees, and a few people.
This is a picture of a person on horseback jumping over a barrier. There is a dirt floor and a large wall in the background.
A person is jumping a horse over a gate. A lrge white wall and other white gates are in the backround.
A horse is jumping over an obstacle. The fence is red.
A man is reading a magazine. He is sitting cross legged and there are sheer tan curtains on the window behind him.
A man is reading. He has a shawl around one shoulder.
There is a man reading a magazine. There are a few windows with some sort of drapes in the background.
A bicyclist is pedaling down the street. There's a bus and a bright blue sky with puffy clouds.
A man is riding his bike in the street. There is a bus beside him.
A man is riding his bike beside a bus. It is a cloudy day.
A girl is on her laptop. She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed.
There is a girl sitting on a bed with a laptop on her lap. There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background.
A young girl is using her laptop. She is in a hotel room.
There is a man wearing bicycle racing attire riding a road bike. He is on an asphalt road with several trees, bushes and a fence in the background.
A man who appears to be in his 20s or 30s is wearing spandex biking gear and is riding a bicycle. He is riding on a road with a fence and trees in the background.
A smiling cyclist is riding along. There are trees and a sidewalk.
A man is using his laptop computer. He is sitting a chair in a room which also has a couch in it.
There is a man browsing on his laptop. There is a couch next to the love seat he is sitting in.
A man is reading a magazine while on a plane. There is another person behind him and a window.
This is a picture of a man reading on an airplane. He is sitting down and there is someone else across the aisle and a window in the background.
There is a man reading a magazine on a plane. There is a bright light coming from one of the plane's windows.
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a purple helmet.
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background.
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field. The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains.
A young woman is running in a race. There is a crowd to her right behind a white canvas fence next to the green grass.
A woman wearing race numbers is running through a grass field. Behind a white fence, dozens of spectators watch.
A girl is running in a race. There are many spectators on the side.
A boy sits on the snow. There are snow covered trees in the background.
There is a child running in the snow. The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow.
A woman is playing keyboard in a home. A small Christmas tree sits on a hardwood floor in the background.
A young women is playing the keyboard and smiling at the camera. There are wooden floors and a tiny Christmas tree in the background.
A woman is playing the keyboard. There is a small christmas tree in the background.
A woman is talking on the phone. There is a tan couch and window behind her.
There is a man wearing a striped shirt talking on a house phone. He is sitting on a couch and there is a window with the blinds drawn in the background.
There is a teenage boy on the phone in an office. There is girl in the background, the walls are blue, yellow, and white with blue paint splatter.
There are people in an office type environment, one of them is on the phone. There is a very cluttered desk, one that is fairly clean and a multiple colored wall of blue, yellow and white.
A man is talking on the telephone. In the background there is a woman and printer and a blue, yellow, and white wall.
A man with a purple tie is playing a horn. There is a blue and white wall behind him.
An older man in a suit with eyeglasses is playing the trumpet. It looks as though there is an umbrella or tend pole behind him.
A man in a robe is sitting on a bench reading a book. There is other pedestrians in the park in the background.
A man sitting on a bench outside reading a magazine. A city street with office buildings, restaurants, across from a park with sidewalks and trees all around.
A monk is reading a magazine. His robe is a golden color.
A child runs on a field. Rocks are in the background.
A child running on the grass having fun. A large grassy area with large rocks and mountains in the background.
A young girl is walking on grass. There is a stone wall in the background.
A young man types on his laptop computer. There are pens on the desk.
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background.
There is a girl riding a horse. In the back ground there is a lot of green vegetation.
There is a person riding a gray horse. There are green pine trees in the background.
A young person wearing a yellow numbered cropped shirt over a blue long sleeved shirt, as well as light riding breeches and riding boots on a beautiful white horse. A lovely field of wheat with beautiful pine trees all around.
Two people are playing instruments. They are in a darkened room and there is another person standing in the background.
There is an Asian man playing a violin. He is on a stage next to other artists.
A concert is taking place and two people are playing violin-like instruments. Other musicians are in the background.
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him.
A middle age man is on stage playing a guitar. The guitar is blue and white.
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him.
People are running a marathon. Snow and trees without leaves are in the background.
A man and a woman are running in a race. Snow, other runners and a barren forest are in the backround.
Two people running a race. It is winter.
A woman is talking on her cell phone. Another woman is kissing her on the cheek.
A young woman is talking on a cell phone. A woman next to her to about to give her a kiss on the cheek.
A woman getting a kiss on the cheek. She is on her cellular phone.
This is a picture of a man in a green shirt taking a picture with his camera. There are several other males in the background as well as several light up signs above them.
A man is taking a picture. A man with a drink and two men in red shirts are in the background.
A man is taking a picture. There are other guys in the background.
A man is running along a track. In the background there are several hurdles, a grass field, and other runners stretching.
A man is running a race. He is on a race track.
A male runner is sprinting along on a track. The sky is blue and there are lots of trees.
A man is riding a horse. They are at a renaissance fair.
A person on a horse with a blanket on its back possible some kind of dual. A large group of people on both sides of the fence ready to watch the show.
There is a woman in a pink hat holding a red water bottle. There is a crowd of people wearing race numbers stand on asphalt in the background.
A woman takes a picture. There are trees and runners behind her.
Woman taking pictures. People are standing in the background.
A man in a green and white sweater is taking a photograph. He has brown hair and is wearing a watch.
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is sitting on a leather seat and there is a white brick wall behind him.
A man wearing a watch and a green shirt is getting ready to take a picture with his camera. Behind him is a a white concrete wall and attached to the wall is a wooden frame.
These are two people sitting at a table underneath a canopy. One of them is taking a picture and there are several electronics on the table.
People are sitting at an table located outside. The woman is taking a picture of something.
A person is walking on a dirt road. There are trees and shrubs in the back ground.
There is a person walking along a dirt path. It is a bright and sunny day and there is a lot of vegetation in the background.
A person is walking down a gravel path facing forward. They have on a straw hat and trees are in the background.
A young woman sits at a bank of computers. There's another person with a red shirt.
There is a man facing away from the camera looking at a laptop. There is a whiteboard beside him on the wall and a plate and drink in front of the laptop on the wooden table.
A man is on his laptop. There is a can of soda on the table and a whiteboard in the background.
There is a woman walking her dog in the center on the image. The ground is made of red bricks.
A woman is walking her dog. She has a red leash.
A woman is walking a small dog. The floor is a red tile pattern.
A horse is jumping over an obstacle. There are houses in the background.
A person is riding a horse as it jumps. There is green grass and houses in the background.
A man is making a phone call on a pay phone. Another man is standing holding a drink.
There is a man drinking a beverage and a man using a payphone. In the background there is a large truck with its lights on.
A young girl is on her computer. There is an object in front of her.
Young girl using a laptop. There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her.
This is a picture of someone on horseback. They are positioned on the beach with the forest off to the left and a body of water in front of them to the right.
A person is sitting on a horse. There is mountain or volcano in the background.
A person in a tank top and shorts is riding a dark colored horse on a sandy beach. To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano.
People are running a marathon on a baseball field. The stands and billboards are in the background.
Some people are running around a track. Some of them have numbers on their chests and some don't.
A woman is looking at camera while reading the newspaper. A brown curtain is in the backround.
A woman is reading a paper. There is a table in front of her and a brown wall beside her.
A woman reading the newspaper. There is a yellow and white table in front of her.
A man is reading a book on a subway. There are several windows in the car.
A person is reading. They are riding the bus.
A boy is reading a book. There are brown seats and window around him.
A man is holding his girl's hand while they walk. Another guy in a white shirt is walking with them by a pond.
Three people are walking. There is a hotel in the background.
A man is playing soccer. There are trees in the background.
A man is running. Another man is wearing cleats.
A woman is reading a magazine. There is a house behind her and a bare tree.
A young woman is flipping through a magazine outside. There are several trees and a house in the background.
A young lady is flipping through a book. There's a house behind her and a gray sky.
There is a man talking on a cellphone. He is in a dimly lit room.
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone. He is covering his ears so he can hear better.
A man is talking on a cell phone. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room.
A smiling man wearing blue jeans and a multicolored vest is playing an electric acoustic guitar. In front of him is a black microphone and a wooden drum.
This is a picture of a man playing an acoustic guitar. There is a drum in front of him and a turquoise porch behind him.
A man is playing guitar. There is also a drum in front of him.
A man is in a bowling alley. He is wearing a white shirt and talking on his cell phone.
A person getting ready to throw a bright green bowling ball while talking on the telephone. A large bowling alley with lots of lighting and vending machine across the back of the bowling alley.
There is a man holding a bowling ball in a bowling alley while talking on a cell phone. In the background the bowling alley is nearly empty.
A man with a long sleeve shirt and light trousers playing a guitar. A sitting room type area with wood on the walls and a table with a covering as well as a white chair.
A man is playing a red guitar. There is a yellow chair next to him and a small table behind him.
A man is playing guitar. There is a cabinet behind him and a chair.
A man in a black coat is taking a photo. There is a red wall behind him and an arcade machine off to the left.
A man is taking a picture. There is a sign in the background.
There is a man hunching down to take a photograph with his camera. He is standing in front of a red wall with pictures on the side of it.
There are two women using computers. They are in a large well lit room.
A woman in red is using a computer. There is another woman behind her and a brown desk.
A small boy is riding a bike. There is a dirt path surrounded by grass and rows of trees on either side.
A young boy is riding his bike. There is a long dirt path surrounded by trees and a parked car in the background.
A woman and a man are reading books. There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall.
A band with one man playing a guitar and one man playing a violin. A group of people playing instruments with microphones and bright lighting all around.
A man is playing violin in a band on stage. Another man on stage is playing guitar.
Two men are playing instruments on a stage. One has a violin the other a guitar.
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat.
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people.
A man is riding a horse. There is a red and white border to the stands.
A man is riding a bucking horse. He is in a rodeo arena.
A man riding a bucking horse in a special contest. A dirt filled arena with sides to keep people in the audience from getting hurt.
A person is playing the bass violin. Another person is sitting next to her.
Two girls are in an orchestra. There is a white wall and blue chairs.
A man dressed in a special biking outfit riding a bike in some kind of competition. People standing behind a barricade watching the bikers passing by, waiting to see who wins.
A man is riding a bike. There are spectators watching him and a policeman riding a motorcycle behind him.
There is a woman pointing a camera towards the viewer. There is a bright window behind her.
A woman is pointing a camera at the camera. There's a large picture window behind her.
A woman wearing a black shirt is taking a picture. There is a table and large windows in the background.
A child is riding a horse. There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background.
A jockey is riding a brown horse in a dirt circuit. There are stands in the background with some seated spectators.
A person is competing with their horse. Spectators are watching.
A man is carrying a box. There is a white house and lots of windows.
A man is carrying a box out of a house. There is a large empty field behind the house in the background.
A man is leaving a building. He is carrying a box.
A woman is reading a magazine. The walls behind her are yellow and she rests her feet on a blue footstool that sits on a braided rug.
A woman is sitting in a chair and reading. She is resting her feet on a blue stool.
A woman is reading a magazine. She is sitting in a cushioned chair and her feet are up on a stool.
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk.
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle.
A man talks on a cell phone. There is a wallet and pack of cigarettes in front of him.
A man is talking on his cellular telephone and drinking wine. The background appears to be a nightclub.
A man is talking on the phone while holding a glass of wine. Small red lights are in the black background.
Two women are using computers. There is a door in the background.
Two people are looking at flat screen computer monitors. They are in a white brick room and there are windows in the back corner.
A young girl is playing a violin. A book shelf with records, two doorways, a picture and an overhead light are in the background.
This is a picture of a child playing the violin. There is a hallway in the background and a bookshelf filled with records and books off to the right.
A girl is playing the violin or fiddle. There is a shelf of records in the background.
A man with a beard talking on a telephone along the wall. A sidewalk with stores and cafes and many people sitting at tables.
A man is talking on a payphone. There is a cigar shop and a sidewalk behind him.
A man is talking on a payphone. There is a business sign behind him and a blue canopy.
A man is riding a motorcycle. There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background.
A man is driving a motorcycle through a parking lot. There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings.
A man is taking a picture of himself with a cellphone using a mirror. Behind him is a white door and wall.
A man is taking a picture of himself in a mirror. A white door and a beige wall are in the background.
A man is holding a cell phone in front of a mirror. He is holding the phone with his left hand and reaching out to the mirror with his right hand.
A woman is looking at an escalator. People, stores, and mannequins are in the background.
People standing at the bottom of an escalator. A large mall with many different stores and people everyone shopping.
There is a woman in a mall looking at the camera. There is an escalator in front of her, mannequins surrounding her, and shops behind her.
A girl is taking a picture of a guy. There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall.
A man is posing for a picture. There is a sign that says Tequila in the background.
A man and woman sitting at a table being filmed by a man. A bar-like atmosphere with tables, lights on the windows, and a TV playing in the corner.
A man is taking a picture. There are other people in the background and a tv behind him.
A young man is running. There is a building behind him.
A skinny man with short hair wearing a red shirt with white stripes is running down a street. To the left of the man is a pole, a sidewalk, and a building with plants growing on it.
A man is running. He is wearing a red shirt.
A man is playing a musical instrument. There is a picture behind him and a music stand in front of him.
A man plays an instrument. There is a music stand in front of him, and a wall painting mural behind him.
A man is playing a large wooden flute. There is sheet music in front of him and a painting on the wall in the background.
A young child is riding a small horse while one man guides the horse and another man watches. They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables.
A boy is sitting on a pony. They are in a horse stall with two other people.
There is a boy on a brown pony. There is an older man behind him.
There is a man wearing a blue and red collared shirt playing a saxophone. In the background there are bushes and someone playing a tuba.
A man is playing a saxophone. A large horn and a green bush are in the blurry background.
Boy playing the saxophone. Tuba in the background.
A man is typing on a laptop computer. There is another individual in the background doing the same and shelves in the back.
A man is working at a computer. 2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background.
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls.
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background.
A girl is sitting in a wooden chair looking at a computer screen. There is another wooden chair by her, and she is inside an office.
A girl is looking at a computer. She is sitting at a desk.
There is a girl sitting at a wooden desk at a computer. There is a white brick wall and a window in front of her.
Three adults, two women and a man, are using laptops on a table with a blue skirt. They appear to be in an office building or an airport, by floor-to-ceiling windows and scaffolding.
There are three people working on computers. There are are large windows and a table with a blue skirt on it.
There are three elderly women sitting in front of computers. There are desks in front of them and a white wall behind them with a poster hanging on it.
There is a woman sitting in a chair holding a camera up in front of her face. Behind her is a white wall and a white potted plant that is resting on an off white cylindrical stand.
This is a picture of a person sitting in a leather chair holding a camera. The room has wood floors, white walls, and there is a plant off to the left.
A woman is using a camera. There are hardwood floors and a plant on a stand in the background.
A man is riding a bike. He is hunched over.
A person in a biking outfit and a helmet , participating in some type of competition. People along the side of the competition, encouraging the bikers on.
A man in black is riding a race bicycle on a paved road. There are stadium seats with spectators in the background.
A child is riding a bike on a sidewalk. The child is beside a beige van parked on the road and there is a school yard in the background.
A little girl is riding her bike on the sidewalk. There is a van parked on the side of the street.
A child is riding a bicycle on a sidewalk. There is a chain link fence and a building.
There are two people with on taking a picture of the other. There is grass and trees in the background.
There is a person in blue jeans riding a bicycle on a road. To the right of him is a patch of sand and in front of him are some buildings with a lot of people walking alongside them.
This is a picture of a man riding a bike. He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops.
A person is riding a bike down a path. Sand, a storefront with a red awning, and throngs of people are in the background.
A man is playing a pink guitar. There are tables and red chairs behind him.
A man is playing a guitar. It is a pink guitar.
There is a smiling man with long curly hair strumming a pink electric guitar. Behind him is a large group of people that are drinking, pointing, and taking pictures.
A baby is sitting in a chair reading a book. There is a wooden shelf on the left and some more books in the background.
There is a baby sitting in a chair thumbing through a small book. To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes.
A baby is sitting in a chair looking at a book. A shelf and changing table are in the background.
A little girl is walking on the grass. There are trees, bushes and a huge mansion in the background.
There is a small boy walking through a grass field. There is a medium sized pine tree in the background, and a large concrete building farther in the background.
A child walks on a big lawn. There is a majestic house and other people walking behind her.
There is a man in a suit looking at a laptop. The man is sitting on a red and yellow couch and there is a picture on the wall behind him.
A man in a tan tuxedo is on an apple laptop. There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background.
There is a man talking on a cell phone, sitting on a rock in a field. There is a sunset and a small hill on the background.
A male is sitting on a large rock. The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon.
A man is talking on his cell phone. There is a beautiful sunset in the background.
A lady is talking on the phone. She is sitting at a desk with a lamp, laptop and a boquet of flowers on it.
A woman sitting at a desk is talking on the phone. There are flowers and a laptop on the desk, and a window in the back corner of the room.
A woman is talking on the telephone in an office. There are pink roses in the foreground.
A woman is running a race. There is another woman running behind her.
A woman with the number 591 attached to her white top by a piece of paper is running along a track. Behind her are some trees, a large fence, and several other people who are also running.
A woman running in some kind of race or marathon. A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around.
A woman takes a picture. There is a blue curtain and polka dot walls around her.
A woman is holding a silver camera. There is pink patterned wallpaper and a mirror in the room.
Two men on stage smoking cigarettes and playing guitar. A small stage with blue walls in the background and people performing on stage.
Two men are playing guitars and smoking. A Gray wall and white ceiling are in the background.
A man takes a photo. It is dark outside.
A man is taking a picture. It is dark out.
A man is taking a photo at night. He appears to be on the side of a busy street.
There is a man on stage playing the flute. There is a sign with Chico World Music Festival in the background.
A man is playing a clarinet. There are drums, brightly colored curtains and a banner behind him on the stage.
A man is playing a flute. There are drums and a sign.
A man is working on a computer. There is a orange wall behind him and coke cup on the desk.
A man is sitting at a computer. There's a beige stand against the wall, and a Coke cup on the table.
There is a man wearing a red shirt sitting at a desk using a computer. There is a wooden cabinet on the desk and an orange wall in the background.
A man is riding a small bike. He is on a brick walkway.
There is a young man on a very small red bicycle. There is a building with a glass door and a potted plant in the background.
This is a man riding a very small red bike. There is a brick walkway that he is riding on and a doorway to a building behind him.
A boy is running a race in the city. There is another runner behind him.
A small group of students playing a very large musical instrument. A dinning room setting with dishes and glass in the china cabinet.
There is a boy and two girls practicing the cello. There is a display case with glasses and china in the background.
A young child wearing a white shirt is playing a piano with two hands. Behind the child is a white wall, something shiny on a stand, and a brown end table.
A blonde haired child is playing at a piano. There is a wooden chest in the background.
A child is playing a keyboard. The walls of the room are white and there is a silver object behind the child.
A woman is riding a bicycle and smiling. There are large pillars in the background and another male biker.
A girl is riding her bike. There is a man in the background riding his bike.
One woman and one man are browsing the internet on an older-model computer. They appear to be in a computer lab in an older building.
A man of color wearing a white shirt is sitting in a chair using a computer. To the left of him is a woman of the same color sitting at a computer and to the right of him is a diagram or map of some sort.
There are people using the computers. There is map on an easle.
A woman points her camera upward. There are some old buildings in the background.
There is a women in a green and grey striped shirt taking a picture. There is a street in the background and a wall with some graffiti on it.
There is a woman taking a photo and smiling. There are brown walls and people behind her, one wall is marked with red graffiti.
A man is talking on the phone. There is a bald man standing beside him.
There is a man in a tan and wool winter jacket talking on a telephone. Next to him on the left is a bald man with a beard in a brown jacket and behind them is a large wooden cabinet.
An old man is riding a bicycle. He is on the street and there are shrubs in the background.
An older man is riding a bike on a street. The street is surrounded by hedges.
A man rides a bicycle on the road. He has groceries in the back.
This is a picture of a man riding a motorcycle. There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background.
A man is riding a motorcycle. The road is salmon colored.
A woman with dark hair is talking on a cell phone. In front of the woman is a white wall and behind her is some light that is shining on her wedding veil.
There is a woman talking on her cell phone. There is a white wall in the background.
A woman is talking on her cellular telephone. She is wearing bridal headwear.
The little girl is reading a story book to her cat. There is a chair outside the room and grass all around.
A young girl is reading. There is a cat laying beside her.
A girl reads a book. It is a sunny and a cat sits next to her.
A bicyclist performs tricks. Behind him is the beach with a pier jutting into the water.
There is a boy on a bicycle doing a wheelie. There is a water background, like a sea or ocean and a dock in the water.
A man on a bike is jumping off of a concrete statue while several others watch. In the distance is the ocean and a large dock extending into the water.
Men ride bicycles in a line. The road curves beneath them and trees are behind them.
A man is riding his bike. Other people are riding behind him.
A person is looking at a book with a child. A blue plate and a brown box are in the backround.
A woman is reading a child a book. She is sitting down and he is standing up.
A person standing on a large balcony looking at a very large sphere. A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around.
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background.
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background.
A man is riding a bicycle down an alley. A large dirty brick building with several windows is in the background.
A man is riding a motorbike. He is going down a dirty alley with a red sign.
Man riding motor bike through alley. Red sign up above him.
A man on the beach is taking a picture. Two young boys are walking by him with the ocean in the background.
This is a picture of an elderly man taking a picture of a water body and two small children walking by. The far shore and some buildings are in the distance.
A man is taking photographs with his camera. There is a beach in the background and two young boys walking.
A black man is reading the newspaper. Beside is a hot dog stand.
There is a man sitting on a crate reading a newspaper. There is a hotdog stand next to the man.
There is a man sitting reading a newspaper on a sidewalk. There is a food vendor cart and a street with a car and some pedestrians in the background.
A person walking and a person riding a bike without any protective gear. A roadway with a large open field and beautiful trees all around.
A man on a bicycle pedals behind a jogger. There's a green field and lots of trees.
There is a man talking on his phone. There is nothing but white walls in the background.
A man talking on the telephone. There is a whith wall in the background.
There is a boy talking on a cordless phone. he is wearing a red shirt and there is a shiny object in the background.
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city.
A man is holding a camera that is pointed at the viewer. He is standing on a ledge.
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance.
A woman wearing a hat is on a white horse. There are other people on horses in the background.
A woman is riding a white horse in an arena. There are jumps in the arena.
A women is riding a white horse. Behind her there is someone else on a black horse.
There is a man sitting on a bed. He has a curtain less window behind him with a lamp hanging on the wall.
A person sitting on a bed working on a computer. A bedroom with clutter all over the bed and a double window looking over other houses and trees.
A person is sitting on the bed. There are windows in the background.
There is a man sitting on a bed looking at a laptop. He is underneath an open air canopy and there are vast grasslands in the background.
A man is using a laptop. There is a field behind him and some clouds in the sky.
A woman sits with a laptop resting on her legs. It's sunny and puffy clouds are in the sky.
A man is talking on his cell phone. He has glasses on top of his head.
A man talks on his cell phone. There is a large building with a garage door behind him.
A man is holding a cellphone to his ear. Behind him is a gray stone building.
Two people are riding horses. They are riding on the beach.
There are two people wearing helmets on a motorcycle. There is an intersection in the background and several buildings and people walking along the sidewalk.
Two people are riding a motorcycle together. They are wearing helmets.
A girl is sitting on a horse. There are huts and palm trees in the background.
A girl is sitting on a horse. The horse is brown.
Two girls pose for a picture, one of them is on a cell phone. There is a white wall and a window with closed venetian blinds behind them.
A man with tattoos is slightly hunched over while he makes a phone call using a payphone. To the left of him is a large street and across the street are a lot of buildings with various awnings.
This is a picture of a man in a grey shirt using a pay phone. There is a street in the background with several large buildings on the other side.
A man is talking on the phone at a phone booth. The is a white arrow in the background.
A guy is reading a giant phone book. He is in a room with a chandelier in it.
There is a man facing the camera and holding up a phone book in front of his face. There is a dark room with a sliding glass door and a chandelier behind him.
A person holding a large booking overlooking the top. A large book in a dark room with a ceiling light in the background.
A young woman is riding a brown horse. There's a bathtub in the background.
A girl is riding a horse. There is another horse behind her and a green barn.
A woman is riding a brown horse. A man is leading a brown horse in front of a green building with a white wash tub in the backround.
There is a boy on a bicycle. He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him.
A person riding a bicycle down the road, with a baseball cap on. A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel.
A boy is riding a bike that has some type of canvas bag on the side. There is a mural of a city painted on a wall, and behind that some type of building under construction.
A man in a green hat is working on a laptop. He is sitting down on a couch.
A person siting on a sofa using a laptop. A living room area with a plaid like sofa trimmed in wood and a mirror in the corner.
A man on his couch typing on the laptop. The couch has a plaid pattern.
A black woman is walking on a sidewalk. There are mountains before her.
A woman is taking a walk. There is a sign and a hill ahead of her.
A woman is walking on a path. There is a hill in front of her and a shadow on the hill.
A man is sitting on a brick ledge and reading a magazine. There is a small building and several potted plants in the background.
There is a man sitting outside reading a newspaper in a cemetery like setting. Behind him are some potted plants and various crosses.
A man is sitting on a bench. A cemetery is in the background.
A woman is sitting at her computer with her headphones on. Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background.
Young girl getting ready for school. Online schooling; you can even do it wrapped in a towel.
People are running a race. They have numbers attached to the front of their clothes.
3 people are running a race. There are spectators and trees in the background.
An equestrian rider is guiding a horse to jump over an obstacle. Cars, tents and a yellow flag on a pole can be seen in the background.
A person is riding a horse. There are tress behind her.
There is a Jockey riding a horse. There is a gate, and some cars in the background.
A man is photographing the old building. The skies are blue without a cloud to be seen.
There is a man taking a photograph of a building. The building is tall and appears to be historic.
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a tree in the background.
Two women are dancing in dresses. A third women is staring from behind against the wall.
Two ladies are dancing. There is another lady in the background who isn't dancing, but is standing by a wall or door.
Two women in dresses are dancing. There is a partition and a lady standing against a brown wall in the background.
There is a young child at a computer. In the background is a window, bookshelf, and a rack filled with kid's magazines.
A young girl is sitting at a computer. There is a bookshelf next to her.
A young girl is using the computer. There are magazines on the wall, a bookshelf and a window.
A woman is standing and talking on the phone. A man and a woman sit on a blanket in the background.
A man is running in a race. Several buildings and store fronts, 4 bystanders, and a person riding a bike are in the background.
There is a man looking at a paper. The white wall beside him has a blue line across it.
A man is reading a newspaper. He appears to be a mime.
A man in a brown coat and black hat is clutching a piece of newspaper. He is resting the side of his face against his hand.
A woman is standing on a sidewalk reading a book. There is a storefront and bicycle in the background.
A woman is reading a book. There is a bicycle in the background.
There is a woman reading a book by a bicycle and a meter. There is a store in the background.
A woman is walking outside. There is a tree in the background.
Two people wearing jackets are walking down a path. In the background is a small group of people, some sand, a tree, and a large body of water.
A man is sitting at a computer. He is using the mouse of the computer.
A man is using the computer. There is a light fixture in the background.
A man is sitting at a computer. There's a coat rack in the background.
There is a man and to women posing for a photo. Behind them the room s dark and there are a few wall lamps.
A child is learning to ride a horse. The trees in the background are green in color.
A trainer giving direction to a student taking riding lessons. A beautiful riding arena with a wooden fence and large trees in the background.
Someone is sitting on a horse. There are trees in the distance.
An asian girl is talking on a cellphone in a restaurant. There is food on the table in front of her and people around and behind her.
A woman talking on the phone. She is in a restaurant with a group of people.
A girl is speaking on the phone. She is in a restaurant.
Basketball player in the Lakers uniform just avoids a block move from an opposing teams player. There are three full levels of people watching the game.
there is a lakers player jumping in front of a bulls player on the basketball court. There are people sitting in the seats surrounding the court.
A person with glasses and medium length hair talking on a cell phone. A room with newspapers all over the wall and a person in a blue shirt with glasses.
A person is talking on a phone. A flat hanging newspaper is in the background.
The lady in glasses is yapping on her cellphone. Behind her disheveled hair are newspapers covering a window.
A little girl is playing with a toy train. The floor is tiled beneath her.
A baby is playing with a toy. The baby is sitting in a walker.
A baby is looking intently at a colorful cloth book. Toys surround the toddler, some of which are green and orange.
A boy is riding a horse. There are others riding horses in the background.
There are young children riding horses of different colors. There is a grey storage building in the background.
A small person sits atop a large horse. There are traffic cones nearby.
The man in the green shirt is riding a small motorcycle. His green shirt does not match the red and yellow bike.
A man is riding a small motorized bike down the street. The bike is red with yellow flames, and the man is wearing a green T-shirt and blue jeans.
A man rides a scooter down the street. There's a manhole nearby.
A person is riding a horse. There is a railing in the background and a green tree.
A young girl is sitting on a white horse. She is wearing a blue safety helmet and boots.
There is a girl on a white horse. Behind her is a black fence and green trees.
There is a jockey riding a horse. There are trees and grass in the background.
A person is riding a black horse. There are lots of trees in the background.
A person on a black horse jumping a gate. There are autumn colored trees in the background.
There are several books on display. There is bright orange bookshelves in the background.
A book stand has been set up with books in it. Next to it is a box with books in it and one standing open on top.
A table in the middle of the room with a book propped up in the middle of the table. A large room with displays every where you look, filled with pamphlets and books stored on them.
Three people are playing a piano together. There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano.
A woman is riding a brown horse. Barren trees in a fall setting are in the background, with one evergreen tree.
There is a woman riding on a horse. There are trees in the backgroun.
A woman is riding a brown horse. There are lots of trees in the background.
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man.
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window.
There is a man taking a photo. In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it.
A baby is asleep and appears to be holding a cellphone. The baby is being held by someone else and is swathed in a blue blanket.
A baby is holding a telephone. There are blankets and a couch in the background of the photograph.
A baby is sleeping with a cellphone next to their right hear. In the background is a person wearing a plaid shirt.
A man standing on a huge boulder doing different moves. Large rocky cliffs with trees growing here and there and water down below, possibly someone would jump off the cliff into the water.
A man is jumping off a ledge. There are trees in the background.
A girl is standing outside. She is wearing red pants.
A young Asian child stands beside a water fountain in a city. Buildings and a train are in the background.
A boy is playing the drums. There are several cars in the background.
A band with mainly drums and cymbals. A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot.
A man in a red shirt is playing a guitar. He is on stage in front of a large crowd.
A man is jumping up and down while playing guitar. He is performing on a stage in front of an audience.
A woman is jogging on the beach with a dog. There are some buildings in the background.
A woman dressed in sweats and a vest is running with a dog. There is lots of empty space with some buildings far away.
A man is riding a bicycle. He is wearing a red shirt.
A man is standing next to an old fashioned bike. There are people on newer bikes and a large stone and brick building in the background.
There is a man in bike riding gear standing next to an unusual bicycle. There is an Atm machine in the background.
There is a photographer laying in grass taking a picture. There is smoke and a mountain in the background.
A person is taking a picture with a camera. There is a mountain in the background.
A man on a motocross bike reaches the top of a small dirt hill. People stand in the background watching the event.
Someone is riding a dirt bike. Dirt surrounds them.
A person is riding a motorbike. He is wearing a helmet.
A man is playing the trumpet. The picture is black and white.
There is a man playing a trumpet. The rest of the picture is black.
The trumpet player is blowing into his instrument. The dark background emphasizes the image.
There are four riders on motorcycles, driving on a track. There are orange striped cones.
A person is riding a motorbike. They are wearing a helmet.
A child is using a computer. There is a desk full of stuff, an orange drink and a small box.
A young child is seated in front of a computer monitor. His hand is on the mouse, and he is sitting on a wooden chair.
A woman is standing in a well lit room of a house. There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her.
A woman is posing for a picture. There is a light fixture in the background.
A man is taking a picture of two people. There are trees in the distance.
A man and a boy getting their pictures taken while on a rock. A man taking pictures while standing in the ocean.
A girl is adjusting the belt on the horse. She is wearing a pink shirt.
A young girl is adjusting the bridle on a horse. There is a grey fence in the background surrounded by trees.
A person is riding a horse. The horse is jumping over a hurdle.
A person riding a beautiful horse jumping over bars. A large grassy area enclosed with a white fence with many different obstacles for the horses to defeat and beautiful mountains in the background.
A horse is jumping over several poles. There are other poles set up in the background.
A woman in red pants and a white blouse takes a picture with her camera. The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design.
A woman is taking a photo. She is standing on a brick road.
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her.
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it.
There is a woman smiling for a photo. There is a parking lot with cars in the background.
A woman sits in her office. There is a computer in front of her.
There is a woman sitting in front of a computer in an office. There is a picture and cars in the background.
There is a group of people standing in front of a beautiful building. The sky is blue.
People are walking about in a court yard. They are in front of a very old castle type building.
Several people are standing around and walking. There is a huge building next to them.
A jockey on a horse are making a jump over a hurdle. They are in an equestrian competition.
Lady is catching her toddler in a pool. There are other children in the pool as well.
There is a little kid jumping into a swimming pool while a woman tries to catch them. There are people and chairs in the background.
A young child is standing up and touching a green telephone. In the background is a wooden railing, a white wall, and a wooden jar that is slightly ajar.
A toddler wearing a striped shirt and jeans reaches for a telephone. The door behind him is open.
There is a little kid touching a phone. There is an open wooden door in the background.
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing sandals.
A man is reading. There is a building behind him.
A girl in red standing with a camera. There is a bright window behind her.
A woman is holding a video recorder. There is a window behind her.
There is a woman holding up a camcorder. There is a man and blinds in the background.
A person is riding a brown horse. They are wearing blue jeans.
A man is sitting on a horse. There is a horse stable behind him.
The girl sitting in front of the fireplace is playing the violin. She had long brown hair and is wearing a sweatshirt.
A woman is playing a violin. There is a fireplace in the background.
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars. A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look.
A man is jumping in the air. The sky is clear and blue.
A male hiker climbs over ruts on a hill. Snow-covered hills, a forest, and a body of water are in the background.
A man in a black sweater is playing a silver trumpet. He surrounded by tourists and pigeons.
There is a man playing an instrument. There is a crowd of people and a building in the background.
A young man plays his trumpet in an open air public square. Numerous people are in the distance behind him, and pigeons are walking around near him.
A person walking in a walkover carrying shopping bags. A walk way with windows on both sides possibly crossing over a street.
There is a woman walking down a hall with shopping bags in her hands. There is a black garbage container at the end of the hall.
A woman is jumping into the air, her arms and legs fully outstretched. Buildings and pedestrians can be seen in the background behind her.
There is a girl jumping in the air. Behind her are building, people, and cyclists.
A woman is jumping. There are buildings, bicycles, people, and a street.
A man is riding a horse. There are stairs and bushes in the background.
A man dressed in a very special uniform on a beautiful horse. A very steep hill with lovely landscaping and a pretty black staircase with railing going up the hill.
A small girl is using the mouse on a computer. The desk is white and the computer is a black Dell with a black keyboard and two speakers.
A little girl is sitting on a computer. She has blonder hair.
A young girl is indoors. She is using a computer on her own.
A man is talking on the phone. A store display is in the background.
There is a man on a phone. There are posters and a store window in the background.
The man with red hair and glasses is on the phone. He is standing in front of the store window.
A little girl is riding a pony. A boy looks on.
A girl is riding a pony. She is wearing sunglasses.
A young man is sitting at a desk studying an image on a computer. There are shelves on the desk and a picture above the computer.
A man is sitting in front of his computer in his office. The bookshelves behind him are messy.
A man is on a computer. He is sitting at a desk.
A girl in a pink dress is jumping. There are very dark clouds in the background.
A girl is jumping outside. There are trees in the background.
A woman in a dress has jumped into the air. There are trees and bushes in the background.
A man is taking a photo of another man. Both men are wearing jackets.
A man is using the computer. He is wearing a baseball cap.
A man is sitting at a computer. An action figure is sitting near him.
A girl is using a computer. She is wearing a pink shirt.
The bonfire is burning hot. The boys are having some fun next to it.
A man is jumping over a camp fire. He is wearing blue jeans.
A woman is jumping off a ledge. There are lots of trees in the background.
A girl is jumping off of a cliff. There is greenery next to her.
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background.
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people.
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on.
A man is taking a picture as the flash goes off. He is wearing a light blue shirt.
A man takes a picture with his cell phone. There is a pipe and a brick wall behind him.
A man is taking a picture. There is a brick wall behind him.
There is a man sitting on a towel in sand reading. There are branches and leaves in the background.
A man is reading a book. He is on a beach, sitting on a blanket on the sand, trees are in the background.
A man is on a computer. He is wearing a jacket.
A man is in deep thought. He is in an Internet cafe.
The boy is jumping off rocks into the water. He is holding his nose in anticipation of the landing.
A peson is jumping into water. A jagged brown rock face is in the background.
A man is standing under a tent, holding an open book. Behind him are the grounds of a cemetery.
A man in a yellow polo shirt reads from the Holy Bible during a funeral service. Graves and headstones in the background indicate this is a cemetery.
A man holding a book is standing under a tent roof. A graveyard with headstones and green grass is visible behind him.
An older man with long hair paints gray primer onto a boat. The sky is cloudy in the background.
The man in the white shirt is painting the boat gray. He is kneeling on scaffolding and hanging onto the boat with one hand.
A person wearing white is using a roll brush on a flat object. In the background is a cloudy blue sky and metal railings.
A man is playing a musical instrument. He is wearing athletic shoes.
A man is playing an accordion. There are several others playing instruments and a girl sleeping on a couch in the background.
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a cowboy hat.
A young man in a cowboy hat and t shirt is talking on a pay phone. It is surrounded with gray brick.
A man in a cowboy hat is talking on the phone. There is a brick wall in the background.
A band is playing and a man is singing. There is a microphone in his hand and drums on the stage.
There is a man on stage holding a microphone. There is a drummer and a guitarist behind him.
A boy is jumping off a ledge. He is wearing blue jeans.
A man in blue jeans and blue shirt is jumping on a rock. The rock is red and brittle.
A young blond female is crossing the street with a phone against her ear. Parked vehicles line both sides of the street behind her.
A young boy is looking at a computer screen. There is a grey wall behind him.
A boy is using a laptop computer. He is wearing an orange shirt.
A young boy sitting on a bed looking a computer. He is sitting on a four poster bed in a blue room.
Two men are running side by side in a race. There are people watching behind a gait.
Two men are racing each other. A gate is in the background.
A man is jumping into a body of water. He is wearing swimming trunks.
A man is jumping into a body of water. The water is calm aside from some small ripples.
A shirtless boy is jumping into water. He is wearing swim trunks that are gray and have a flower design.
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans.
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score.
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him.
An athlete is crossing the finish line of a race. He is wearing red and the people around him are taking photographs.
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is wearing sunglasses.
A man is walking on a dirt path. There are three people and three cars in the background.
A man is walking. There is a woman behind him looking on.
The white horse is jumping over the fence at a competition. The yellow Breitling sign is on the navy wall in the background.
A rider in a horse show is jumping the horse over a hurdle. A crowd is watching from all around and another rider is on the field.
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a hat.
Someone talks on a telephone inside a red telephone booth. There are people walking down the sidewalk in the background.
A woman is standing in a telephone booth. There is a tree without leaves behind her.
There is a woman in a red telephone booth. The wall beside it is white, blue, and red.
A male in Santa hat shuffles a deck of cards. A cabinet is in background.
There is a man wearing a Santa hat and playing the card game Uno. There are no lights on and it seems to be dark.
A woman is holding a bouqet of flowers. She is wearing a white dress.
A bride and groom walking down the aisle covered with flower pedals. This is an outside wedding with trees in the background.
A person is jumping outside. There is a car in the background.
A man is jumping in the air. A woman looks on.
The lady in pink is watching the person jump. He jumped very high.
A woman is talking on a telephone. She is in a well lit white room with white blinds behind her that are closed.
A person is talking on the phone. There is a plant in the background.
A woman is talking on a phone in her kitchen. Her hair is very short, she has pierced ears and is wearing a necklace.
There is a blurred image of a man playing guitar. The background is dark and blurry.
A person dressed in red playing a guitar. A stage with a band playing instruments, the lighting is apparent red,.
A man is taking photos of people. There is a narrow street with old buildings in the background.
A crowd of people walks down a street. There are tall buildings with windows on either side of them.
A woman is helping a child on a bicycle. Their shadows fall on a blue car.
A little girl is learning how to ride a bike. The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars.
There is a young girl jumping off an object with wood sides, while a boy watches. There is a metal bar fence in the background.
A young girl in a pink outfit jumps over an obstacle. A teen boy stands by a tree in the background.
A girl is jumping over a ledge. She is wearing a pink shirt.
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him.
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence.
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on.
An equestrian is riding a horse jumping over a gate. There is a white fence with white flags on the top in the distance.
A man on a dark brown horse jumps over a barrier. There are other barriers in the background and thick green forest.
A person is riding a black horse. They are wearing a yellow shirt.
A woman is playing the harmonica while holding a drum stick. There is a man with a guitar, a red ceiling and black walls.
A woman sings into a microphone. There is a man playing a guitar in the background.
A long-haired woman in a yellow dress is staing in front of a microphone hoding a long stick. In the background, there is a bearded man sitting down, playing a guitar.
A person is jumping up in the air. There is a brown bookshelf and a barstool in the background.
There is man holding a light sabre while another person is jumping over it. There is table and a shelf in the background.
A boy in a red short jumps. There is a window and a table in the background.
A woman using a public telephone. She is dressed in a coat and jeans.
A woman is talking on a pay phone. She is wearing blue jeans.
A woman wearing a long white jacket is using a payphone. In the background is a bench and several tables with chairs.
A tanned girl in bikinis is jumping sideway into the pool. The pool water is sparkling blue.
A girl is jumping into a swimming pool. The sky is clear and blue.
A girl is jumping into a swimming pool with her legs tucked in. There is patio furniture around the pool.
A baby is looking at a book. There is a drawing of a cow in the book.
The baby is looking at a book. Her hand is on the cow with pink ears.
A girl is sitting on the bottom of a bunk bed. She is in a bedroom with an extra bunk bed and numerous objects.
A girl is sitting on a bunk bed. There is a television in front of her.
There is someone playing a piano with someone sitting next to them. The person not playing is wearing jeans.
There is a person playing on a keyboard. You only see their fingers in the picture.
A rider on a horse jumps over an obstacle during a competition. Trees and grass are in the background.
A person wearing a black and white helmet is riding a horse that is jumping over several poles. In the background are several trees, several buildings, and a horse.
A little boy is looking at a book. There is a white wall behind him.
There is a little kid reading a book. There is a white wall behind him.
A little boy wearing a blue jacket is seated at a table. He is concentrating on the pages of a book in front of him.
A woman is standing up behind a counter reading a book. There is a book shelf and a cash register in the background.
There is a woman reading a book behind a counter. There is a computer and books in the background.
A skinny young child is crouched on some grass holding something with their right hand. In the background are some plants, leaves, and a short concrete wall.
A little girl is playing in the grass. There are petals next to her.
A little girl sitting and appears to be pouring water on her feet. There are bushes around her and a wall.
A man dressed in a suit is talking on his cell phone. He is walking in front of a white wall.
A man in a business suit talks on the cellphone. The wall behind him is a metal grate that looks like large venetian blinds.
A man is walking in front of a white paneled building. He is talking on a mobile phone.
Four youth musicians are playing cellos. A storefront window is behind them, with a trombone in the window, and there is an empty table with two pink chairs next to them.
A girl is playing a musical instrument. There are lots of windows in the background.
A dark haired woman taking a laptop out of a package. The laptop is black and silver.
A young girl is opening a laptop computer. There is an empty box and a blue and white rug.
A woman is using a laptop computer. She is wearing a black shirt.
A person is jumping outside. There are some trees in the background.
A man is jumping off of a stone bench. He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance.
A person is riding a horse. There are trees in the background.
A little boy is riding a pony. Greenery surrounds them.
A horse attempts to make a jump. A man is behind and looking.
A man is playing a piano. Another man is playing another instrument in front of him.
A man is reading a musical composition. There is a piano in front of him.
man is playing a piano. In the background you see another man playing an instrument and the room is very dark.
A girl is riding on a brown and white horse. In the background is a red barn, numerous trees, and various farm equipment.
A girl is riding a brown horse. She is wearing a yellow shirt.
A girl is sitting on a horse. The sky is cloudy and blue.
A woman is clapping her hands together. She has freckles in her arm.
A woman is clapping and laughing. There is a man sitting and folding his hands.
A woman is smiling. There are people sitting down near her.
A group of people congregates in a library. There are rows of computers and bookshelves in the background.
There are people walking in what looks to be a library. There is a big yellow sign on one of the pillars.
Several people are walking in a library. There are several chairs in a row on the side of them.
A man is walking towards a bridge. He is in a vast green feild with trees near a bridge.
A man in a yellow sweater is walking away from the camera. It is a nice day out, and the lawn is well-manicured.
A young man is walking across grass toward a footbridge. Each side of the bridge is lined with thick green trees.
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a hat and a sweater.
A man stands in a telephone booth talking on the telephone. The booth has glass on either sides.
A boy is walking on a beach. There is cold looking sand and water.
The woman is reading a book. There is a bright window beside her.
A man is seated reading a book. There are windows with the blinds drawn on the right.
There is a person sitting in front of a window reading. The window is covered by window shades.
A woman is walking outside. There are trees in the background.
Two people pose for a picture in front of a waterfall. There are also rocks and lots of vegetation behind them.
There are two men posing for a picture in a forest. There is a river fall and trees in the background.
A man is posing for a picture. There are plants in the background.
Two people are jumping together. There are in a long outdoor brick hallway and there are shrubs coming from the roof above.
A girl is jumping outside. She is wearing blue jeans.
A woman is running. There is a garbage can beside her.
A green trash bin is overstuffed and bags of trash are sitting near it. A woman wearing a pink shirt is running down the street behind the bin.
A man and woman are sitting at a cafe outside, drinking wine. The man is looking at his camera.
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is wearing a pair of glasses.
A man has fallen off a motor scoot. There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses.
A amn fell off his motor cycle. You see two more men behind him cheering.
Two young men are standing close together, smiling, and one has his arm around the other. Behind each of their heads someone is making a peace sign.
Two people are seated and using laptops. There is a bookshelf and several storage boxes along the wall in the background.
A woman with dark hair is holding up an object with her right hand. In the background is a person that is wearing blue jeans.
A woman holds up a a pamphlet. She has brown hair and is wearing a necklace.
A woman is holding something. There are people standing behind her.
A lady with a handbag is walking. There is a poster of a man smiling.
A woman is walking. Someone's hand is behind her.
A woman is walking by a painted pillar. There is a man's face on it.
A young boy rides a bike. There are power lines, some trucks, and several buildings in the background.
There is a little girl riding a bicycle. There are kids and houses in the background.
A child is riding a bike. There are mountains in the distance.
A single person is in a wilderness area. the person is posed on top of a large rock ready to shoot a photo with a professional looking camera.
There is a man leaning on a rock and using a camera with long lenses. There are mountains and another person behind him.
There is a photographer taking a picture on top of a rock. There are mountains and a person in the background.
Two young women are taking pictures at a scenic overlook. There is a gray stone wall with a rail, trees, and a river.
A woman is taking a picture with a camera. She is wearing a pair of glasses.
A girl with sunglasses standing on a stone wall while another girl with glasses is taking a picture. There are trees and a river in the background.
There are men playing basketball. In the background there is a stadium with an audience.
Men are playing basketball. A crowd looks on.
A boy is playing a wind instrument. There is a microphone in front of him.
A man is playing the flute. He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him.
A man is playing an instrument. There is a striped wall behind him.
A woman is looking at a magazine. There are tables, chairs, other people and a tall drinking glass.
A young female is seated at a table, looking at a glossy magazine. A tall glass with a straw can be seen in the foreground.
A person is riding a bicycle. There is a body of water in the background.
A man is riding a bike. Water surrounds him.
There is a man with his hands up jumping in the air. There are clouds, water, and people in the background.
The man jumps playfully into the air. The waves crash in the ocean under a blue sky and a few puffy clouds.
A man is jumping in the air. The sky is cloudy and blue.
A person is riding a brown horse. They are wearing a helmet.
There is a jockey riding on a horse. There are two small trees and a jumping post in the background.
A jockey riding a horse. He has on a helmet and the horse has black tail.
A woman is talking on a microphone. She is wearing a black shirt.
A woman is talking into a microphone. There are glasses on top of the table.
There is a woman with her hands up in front of a microphone. The wall behind her is reflecting colorful lights.
A young bout is holidng up a math book. He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue.
A boy standing with a grin on his face, wearing a grey sweatshirt and holding a book in his hand.  A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall.
The kid in the great sweatshirt is happy. He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book.
A woman is talking in a phone booth. It is a cloudy winter day in the background.
A woman is in the telephone booth using the telephone. The sky over the two red and green houses is grey and the trees lost their leaves.
A woman is talking on a payphone. There are trees in the background.
A woman leans into the trunk of a black car, which also has all four doors open. The car is in a parking lot of a strip mall.
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a grey sweatshirt.
