He is sitting in a white chair.
Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore.
There is a white umbrella behind him.
It is daytime and there are many trees all around him.
Another woman is standing with her.
There is a chair, a table, a lamp, and a plant in the background.
There are trees and a fence to the side.
Another woman is playing the piano in the background.
There is a woman to the right and an umbrella and some trees in the background.
There is a road with some trees and a car in the background.
There is a highway in the background.
They are on a beach during the day.
He is sitting inside of some sort of stone building and there are people all around.
The stone wall extends on either side and there is a woman in a red jacket walking down the sidewalk.
He is outdoors on a sunny da.
There are green trees and a dirt road in the background.
The computer on a desk in a house.
He is outside the trees behind him.
There is a stone wall castle in the background.
Green foliage and a brown building are in the backround.
There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background.
There is an orange wall and a white door behind them.
There is a bookshelf and drawers to his side.
There are wooden shelves with books on them behind them.
She appears to be outdoors near a mountain.
Beautiful green fields with trees and brush along a dirt road.
There is a pillow underneath them and a woven mat.
There are wires and telephone poles in the background.
His horse is running.
In the background you can see a green playing field.
He is on a grass field that extends into the background.
Three houses, two vehicles, gray concrete and the street are in the background.
The phone is silver with a red hand-piece.
There are some white chairs in the background.
There are buildings along the street.
One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks.
The background is black and all three boys have on black shirts.
It's an all black background.
There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him.
There are palm trees in the background.
There is a house in the background.
A brown wooden fence and a white and green boat are in the background.
There is a couch and chair and a window in the background.
There is a table with a laptop on it in a small room painted brown.
There are trees and street signs around them.
It's covered with trees.
A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background.
They are indoors in a well light room.
A classroom with desks and computer used for testing and many other tasks.
There are bright blue cushions.
There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas.
There are light panels on the ceiling.
It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them.
He is wearing a green hat and is sitting outside.
He is outside on a sunny day.
He is wearing a bright red striped shirt.
A dirty grey truck, the sidewalk and the street are in the backround.
He is seated on red carpet leaning against a greenish grey wall.
There is a fence alongside the road.
They are wearing a helmet.
It is a beautiful afternoon.
There are trees in the background.
There are people sitting down around tables.
They are working on a craft.
People are gathered along the sidewalk behind her looking at store displays.
There is a busy street of people in the background.
There are recreational vehicles in the background parked near trees.
There are two people in the background, one of whom is taking a picture.
There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind.
Rocks and buildings are in the background.
The name in the navy shirt and khaki pants is holding a microphone in front of the marathon sign.
They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them.
They are inside and thee is a door behind them.
There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench.
There are several bookshelves to the left.
Behind them are presents wrapped in colorful paper.
She is wearing a pink shirt.
She is sitting down in a wooden chair.
There is curtains and a lamp in the background.
He is standing on the pitcher's mound in a baseball diamond.
There are advertisements behind him.
There is a pond beside him and two people walking.
There are leaves on the ground.
She is wearing a bathing suit.
The little girl is sitting down and the background is very blurry.
She is sitting behind a bar.
He is making a foolish choice.
He is driving in his car and wearing a grey long sleeved shirt.
The sky is cloudy and blue.
There are trees and grass with a fence around it.
she is in an open area with other horse back riders.
There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding.
At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently.
There is a rocky ledge,water and trees near him.
She is wearing a pair of glasses.
The stage design is a tree next to a building.
Three people are sitting behind her.
In the background is a blue sky with several clouds and a large body of water.
Other children in the same uniform plays instruments in the background.
He is with his band and wearing his yellow hat and blue uniform.
He has a white shirt and baseball cap on.

