Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room.
He is outdoors on the grass.
The background is dark and he is sitting in a white chair.
He is on a boat.
He is wearing a green shirt.
There is a blue wall behind him and he is wearing a green paisley shirt.
The trees create a canopy over top.
In the background there are lots of trees on the path and it appears to be autumn.
They are in a ornately decorated room.
They appear to be in front of a closed store in a larger city.
Her friend is leaning against the phone waiting for her.
There are trees and mountains in the background.
He is wearing a hat.
In the background there is a blue car and two trees.
There is a lamp behind her and the phone she is on is yellow with a red cord.
There is a music stand and piano in the background.
A couple of feet to the right of her is a woman playing a piano and another woman getting ready to turn the page for her.
She is in a restaurant or cafe.
Shelves and another person is in the background.
The walls are yellow and gray.
There is a folded green shade umbrella and a smiling woman behind him.
People are smiling.
The setting appears to be in Europe because of the lane in which the van in the background is driving.
There are pedestrians walking near him.
There's a bag on the table.
Across the four way intersection are two yellow cabs, a minivan, and a row of buildings.
Behind the person is a white and green SUV carrying two red road bikes on it's cargo bike rack.
There is a car driving behind him.
There is a baby on the bed with him and a bookshelf to the left.
There is a book shelf beside the bed.
There is a small plastic dresser and a bed in the room.
There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them.
They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background.
The mountains are huge in the background.
One is on the keyboard.
There are venetian blinds hanging at the windows.
There are several trees and blue skies in the background.
There is a crowd in the background that looks to be attending a concert.
There are spectators and another man behind him taking a picture.
A bedroom with a stripe running through the bedspread, wood floors and black and gray drapery.
There is a pillow underneath the person and a blanket in the background.
Power wires hang overhead.
There are houses in the background.
There is a pink building and a tree in the background.
In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings.
The venetian blinds behind her are open.
She is sitting in a big chair.
There is a window behind her.
She is cooking at the same time.
She is inside of a household with white chairs in the background.
There is an orange sign above them.
There is a black curtain in the background.
There is a white chair beside him.
There is a house in the background.
There is another canoe behind him, and grass on a little bit of the floor.
A living room or family room with a sofa, carpet on the floor and other musical instruments in the room.
He sits on a blue sofa.
There are cushions around him and a wooden chair behind him.
She is in a crowded room.
People are posing for him.
There are waves and a sunset in front of them.
An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving.
He is followed by two other racers.
The gray wall meets the gray rug.
There is a large house in the background with flagposts.
A lake, trees, and a blue skyline is in the background.
He is wearing a black hat.
He race track is behind me.
There is grass underneath them.
She is wearing orange.
There is a woman and a girl watching him.
There are lots of trees in the background.
It is the evening time and the sky is dark.
It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him.
While a younger gentleman is speaking on an microphone, at what seems to be a type of outdoor function.
A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background.
A nice size room that appears to be a library, there is a sign in desk and there are several bookcases full of books.
The location is at a library.
The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left.
A wall with white siding is in the background.
There is a monitor and video camera in the background.
There is a multi-colored afghan folded up on the end of the sofa.
He is wearing a blue hat.
Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl.
There are clouds behind her.
He is wearing athletic shoes.
There is water next to him.
The building behind him is white, brown, and green and there is a person standing off to his side.
He is wearing brown shoes.
It is too dark to see through the windows of the car.
In the background is sand and a shoreline.
He is wearing yellow shorts.
There is a beach in front him.
A person walking toward the horse can be seen, which shows just how immense the structure is.
There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls.
There are trees in the background.
He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone.
There are trees behind him.
It's too cold to go in willingly.
He is wearing white pants.

