A little blonde girl is opening a box and pulling out a present and pretending to drink from a green-patterned cup. Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room. (0)
An elderly gentlemen reading a newspaper. He is outdoors on the grass. (1)
Elderly man reading a newspaper. The background is dark and he is sitting in a white chair. (2)
A man is taking a picture. He is on a boat. (3)
A man is taking a picture. He is wearing a green shirt. (4)
There is a man looking into a camera. There is a blue wall behind him and he is wearing a green paisley shirt. (5)
A person is walking down a shady walkway. The trees create a canopy over top. (6)
A man is walking on a path. In the background there are lots of trees on the path and it appears to be autumn. (7)
There are several people taking pictures. They are in a ornately decorated room. (8)
A woman is talking on a pay phone while her friend waits. They appear to be in front of a closed store in a larger city. (9)
A woman is talking on a pay phone. Her friend is leaning against the phone waiting for her. (10)
A small girl is riding a horse. There are trees and mountains in the background. (11)
A man is riding a bike. He is wearing a hat. (12)
A man is riding a motorcycle. In the background there is a blue car and two trees. (13)
There is a girl on the phone. There is a lamp behind her and the phone she is on is yellow with a red cord. (14)
A girl is playing a flute. There is a music stand and piano in the background. (15)
There is a girl possibly in her teens standing in front of a music that is holding a sheet of music playing a flute. A couple of feet to the right of her is a woman playing a piano and another woman getting ready to turn the page for her. (16)
A woman is reading the newspaper. She is in a restaurant or cafe. (17)
A woman is reading a newpaper in a coffee shop. Shelves and another person is in the background. (18)
A woman is reading a newspaper. The walls are yellow and gray. (19)
A man looks at pictures. There is a folded green shade umbrella and a smiling woman behind him. (20)
A man is taking a picture. People are smiling. (21)
A woman wearing a helmet is riding a bike on a sidewalk. The setting appears to be in Europe because of the lane in which the van in the background is driving. (22)
A man is publicly playing an instrument. There are pedestrians walking near him. (23)
A man is reading a newspaper. There's a bag on the table. (24)
A man and a little girl are holding hands about to walk across a street. Across the four way intersection are two yellow cabs, a minivan, and a row of buildings. (25)
A person wearing a helmet and a green top is riding a road bike down a road. Behind the person is a white and green SUV carrying two red road bikes on it's cargo bike rack. (26)
A person is riding in a bike race. There is a car driving behind him. (27)
A man is reading a book on a bed. There is a baby on the bed with him and a bookshelf to the left. (28)
A man is lying on the bed with a baby. There is a book shelf beside the bed. (29)
There is a man and women on a laptop. There is a small plastic dresser and a bed in the room. (30)
There is a woman riding on dirt trail atop a brown horse looking back at the camera. There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them. (31)
People are running a marathon. They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background. (32)
The girl is riding a horse. The mountains are huge in the background. (33)
Two men are playing instruments. One is on the keyboard. (34)
A keyboard player and a pipe blower are making some music. There are venetian blinds hanging at the windows. (35)
A woman is taking a picture of a crowded stadium. There are several trees and blue skies in the background. (36)
There is a man taking a picture with a camera. There is a crowd in the background that looks to be attending a concert. (37)
A man watches a game. There are spectators and another man behind him taking a picture. (38)
A young person laying on the floor talking on the telephone. A bedroom with a stripe running through the bedspread, wood floors and black and gray drapery. (39)
This is a picture of a person lying down while talking on the phone. There is a pillow underneath the person and a blanket in the background. (40)
Two bicycle riders coast down a hilly city street. Power wires hang overhead. (41)
A young girl is riding her bicycle. There are houses in the background. (42)
A man is talking on a telephone. There is a pink building and a tree in the background. (43)
A man wearing an orange polo shirt is using a pay phone. In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings. (44)
A toddler on a blue couch peers at a book. The venetian blinds behind her are open. (45)
A young girl is looking at a book. She is sitting in a big chair. (46)
There is a girl reading a book on a blue sofa. There is a window behind her. (47)
A woman is talking on the phone. She is cooking at the same time. (48)
A woman is boiling something and talking on the telephone. She is inside of a household with white chairs in the background. (49)
Two people are walking on the sidewalk. There is an orange sign above them. (50)
Three boys are playing instruments. There is a black curtain in the background. (51)
A little boy walking in the grass. There is a white chair beside him. (52)
Two people are riding their bikes in the street. There is a house in the background. (53)
A man takes a picture in held up canoe. There is another canoe behind him, and grass on a little bit of the floor. (54)
People sitting on a sofa with a man playing an instrument for entertainment. A living room or family room with a sofa, carpet on the floor and other musical instruments in the room. (55)
A child reads a book. He sits on a blue sofa. (56)
A little boy is reading a book. There are cushions around him and a wooden chair behind him. (57)
A girl holds a camera. She is in a crowded room. (58)
A man is taking a picture. People are posing for him. (59)
A man walks with his dog on the beach. There are waves and a sunset in front of them. (60)
A woman in a straw hat, wearing a sleeveless black tank and jeans, is taking a picture with a camera that has a telephoto lens. An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving. (61)
The boy is running in a race. He is followed by two other racers. (62)
The boy on the phone sits along the wall. The gray wall meets the gray rug. (63)
A man is driving on a moped. There is a large house in the background with flagposts. (64)
A woman is riding a horse. A lake, trees, and a blue skyline is in the background. (65)
A man is playing a musical instrument. He is wearing a black hat. (66)
A man is playing his instruments. He race track is behind me. (67)
Three girls are sitting down. There is grass underneath them. (68)
A child reads in her crib. She is wearing orange. (69)
A man in a strange mask is holding a chicken up to his face. There is a woman and a girl watching him. (70)
A man is holding a chicken in his hands. There are lots of trees in the background. (71)
A snowboarder is jumpid in mid air. It is the evening time and the sky is dark. (72)
A man is snowboarding in winter clothes. It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him. (73)
The older gentleman is posing for a picture. While a younger gentleman is speaking on an microphone, at what seems to be a type of outdoor function. (74)
A man is leading a boy on horseback. A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background. (75)
A person sitting at a computer typing and doing some type of project. A nice size room that appears to be a library, there is a sign in desk and there are several bookcases full of books. (76)
A person is working on a computer. The location is at a library. (77)
A woman is reading a card to a child. The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left. (78)
A woman wearing a yellow sleeveless shirt reads a birthday card to a little girl. A wall with white siding is in the background. (79)
A woman is video conferencing with another woman. There is a monitor and video camera in the background. (80)
There is a girl playing a flute, while there are other girls sitting next to her. There is a multi-colored afghan folded up on the end of the sofa. (81)
A man is throwing a baseball. He is wearing a blue hat. (82)
A man sitting on a chair is acting crazy, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes squinted. Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl. (83)
A little girl is jumping into the air. There are clouds behind her. (84)
A man is running outside. He is wearing athletic shoes. (85)
A man is running. There is water next to him. (86)
There is a man in a costume playing a violin and standing in front of a building. The building behind him is white, brown, and green and there is a person standing off to his side. (87)
A man is playing the violin. He is wearing brown shoes. (88)
There is a man on a cellphone in his car. It is too dark to see through the windows of the car. (89)
There is a young boy on the beach reading a book. In the background is sand and a shoreline. (90)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing yellow shorts. (91)
A boy is reading with his feet in the sand. There is a beach in front him. (92)
A large Trojan-horse structure stands tall among nearby trees. A person walking toward the horse can be seen, which shows just how immense the structure is. (93)
A young man is talking on a phone by an open window. There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls. (94)
A person is taking a picture with a camera. There are trees in the background. (95)
A man making a speak at a podium. He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone. (96)
A man is jumping into the water. There are trees behind him. (97)
Having fun at the lake being pushed into cold water. It's too cold to go in willingly. (98)
A boy is playing a brass instrument. He is wearing white pants. (99)
 (100)
