An old man is reading the newspaper. He is sitting in a white chair. (0)
A man on a boat is taking a picture. Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore. (1)
A man is holding a camera. There is a white umbrella behind him. (2)
A man walks down a path in a park. It is daytime and there are many trees all around him. (3)
A woman is talking on a pay phone. Another woman is standing with her. (4)
This is a picture of a woman talking on a corded phone. There is a chair, a table, a lamp, and a plant in the background. (5)
There are two people riding horses into a field. There are trees and a fence to the side. (6)
A woman is playing the flute. Another woman is playing the piano in the background. (7)
A man wearing glasses is looking at a cell phone. There is a woman to the right and an umbrella and some trees in the background. (8)
There is a person riding a bicycle on a sidewalk next to a road. There is a road with some trees and a car in the background. (9)
A woman is riding her bike. There is a highway in the background. (10)
There is a man and women both on horses. They are on a beach during the day. (11)
There is a man playing a trumpet. He is sitting inside of some sort of stone building and there are people all around. (12)
This is a picture of a man playing the trumpet while sitting in a stone archway. The stone wall extends on either side and there is a woman in a red jacket walking down the sidewalk. (13)
There is a boy on a horse. He is outdoors on a sunny da. (14)
There is a boy riding a horse. There are green trees and a dirt road in the background. (15)
A woman is working on a computer. The computer on a desk in a house. (16)
A man is talking on a cell phone. He is outside the trees behind him. (17)
A man is talking on his cell phone. There is a stone wall castle in the background. (18)
A man is talking on a telephone. Green foliage and a brown building are in the backround. (19)
There are three women walking down a street. There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background. (20)
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone. There is an orange wall and a white door behind them. (21)
A father reads with his infant son. There is a bookshelf and drawers to his side. (22)
A man and a women sit beside each other using a laptop. There are wooden shelves with books on them behind them. (23)
There is a women on a horse. She appears to be outdoors near a mountain. (24)
Three people walking down a dirt road carrying bags. Beautiful green fields with trees and brush along a dirt road. (25)
A person is talking on a telephone. There is a pillow underneath them and a woven mat. (26)
Two people are riding their bikes down a hill. There are wires and telephone poles in the background. (27)
A man is playing polo. His horse is running. (28)
There is a man riding a horse playing polo. In the background you can see a green playing field. (29)
A man on a brown horse is playing polo. He is on a grass field that extends into the background. (30)
A young girl is riding a bike. Three houses, two vehicles, gray concrete and the street are in the background. (31)
A man is talking on a payphone. The phone is silver with a red hand-piece. (32)
A woman is standing at a stove while talking on a phone. There are some white chairs in the background. (33)
Two black boys are running down the sidewalk. There are buildings along the street. (34)
There are 3 people on the beach. One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks. (35)
There are three boys playing the trumpet. The background is black and all three boys have on black shirts. (36)
Kids are playing the trumpet. It's an all black background. (37)
A small boy in playing in the grass. There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him. (38)
People are walking across a field. There are palm trees in the background. (39)
There are two kids riding bikes in the street. There is a house in the background. (40)
A man is looking through a camera on a boat. A brown wooden fence and a white and green boat are in the background. (41)
Two young women are sitting on the floor reading a book to a baby girl. There is a couch and chair and a window in the background. (42)
There are several people in chairs and a small child watching one of them play a trumpet. There is a table with a laptop on it in a small room painted brown. (43)
Three people take a stroll down a path. There are trees and street signs around them. (44)
People are walking through an an alley. It's covered with trees. (45)
Two children and a woman are sitting on a couch. A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background. (46)
There are several people on computers. They are indoors in a well light room. (47)
People using a computer to take a test or learn about something specific. A classroom with desks and computer used for testing and many other tasks. (48)
A toddler is looking at a book. There are bright blue cushions. (49)
There are three people walking down a path away from a maroon car. There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas. (50)
A young woman is examining a digital camera. There are light panels on the ceiling. (51)
A family has their picture taken. It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them. (52)
A man is reading a book. He is wearing a green hat and is sitting outside. (53)
A man in a hat and sunglasses is reading a book. He is outside on a sunny day. (54)
A man is lying down reading a book. He is wearing a bright red striped shirt. (55)
3 men are running in a race. A dirty grey truck, the sidewalk and the street are in the backround. (56)
A young man is talking on the phone. He is seated on red carpet leaning against a greenish grey wall. (57)
Five young women are walking in the middle of a street at night. There is a fence alongside the road. (58)
A person is riding a motorbike. They are wearing a helmet. (59)
A woman is riding horseback by the river. It is a beautiful afternoon. (60)
A woman sits on a pony. There are trees in the background. (61)
There is a man standing and playing an instrument. There are people sitting down around tables. (62)
The girls are sitting in a circle. They are working on a craft. (63)
A toddler girl is reading a book while sitting in her stroller. People are gathered along the sidewalk behind her looking at store displays. (64)
A child in a stroller is reading a book. There is a busy street of people in the background. (65)
A man wearing a mask and costume holds a rooster close to his face. There are recreational vehicles in the background parked near trees. (66)
A man in a red shirt is holding a beer. There are two people in the background, one of whom is taking a picture. (67)
A man on a bicycle, with a child on the back, has stopped to snap a photo. There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind. (68)
A man jumps across the water to reach the other sand mound. Rocks and buildings are in the background. (69)
The man in the brown jacket is going to pull the triger and is being photographed. The name in the navy shirt and khaki pants is holding a microphone in front of the marathon sign. (70)
A young man is pulling a pony carrying a child on its back. They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them. (71)
Two men playing air guitar. They are inside and thee is a door behind them. (72)
A man and a woman smoking cigarettes. There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench. (73)
A man sits at a computer in a library. There are several bookshelves to the left. (74)
There is a woman reading to a small girl. Behind them are presents wrapped in colorful paper. (75)
A woman is looking at a piece of paper. She is wearing a pink shirt. (76)
A girl is looking at a greeting card. She is sitting down in a wooden chair. (77)
There are three little girls sitting on a couch while one is playing the flute. There is curtains and a lamp in the background. (78)
A pitcher is about to throw a baseball. He is standing on the pitcher's mound in a baseball diamond. (79)
A man is playing baseball. There are advertisements behind him. (80)
A man is running. There is a pond beside him and two people walking. (81)
A man is playing an instrument. There are leaves on the ground. (82)
A girl is gripping metal bars with her hands. She is wearing a bathing suit. (83)
There is a little girl sucking her thumb behind a barricade. The little girl is sitting down and the background is very blurry. (84)
A little girl is sitting down. She is sitting behind a bar. (85)
The man in the gray sweater is talking on the phone while he is driving. He is making a foolish choice. (86)
A young man is talking on his cell phone. He is driving in his car and wearing a grey long sleeved shirt. (87)
There is a piece of artwork in the midst of trees. The sky is cloudy and blue. (88)
There is a person in blue walking towards trojan horse statue. There are trees and grass with a fence around it. (89)
A woman is trotting along on a horse. she is in an open area with other horse back riders. (90)
A lady with a red shirt riding a horse. There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding. (91)
The lady reads the happily reads a recipe. At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently. (92)
A man is adjusting a tripod for his camera. There is a rocky ledge,water and trees near him. (93)
A woman is reading a newspaper. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (94)
The actress on stage performs her skit. The stage design is a tree next to a building. (95)
A woman is standing on a stage. Three people are sitting behind her. (96)
A woman is laying on a towel on a beach in a bikini. In the background is a blue sky with several clouds and a large body of water. (97)
A young boy wearing a uniform plays a horn. Other children in the same uniform plays instruments in the background. (98)
The youngster is playing the trumpet. He is with his band and wearing his yellow hat and blue uniform. (99)
A man is riding a brown horse. He has a white shirt and baseball cap on. (100)
 (101)
