An elderly gentlemen reading a newspaper. He is outdoors on the grass. (0)
Elderly man reading a newspaper. The background is dark and he is sitting in a white chair. (1)
A man is taking a picture. He is wearing a green shirt. (2)
There is a man looking into a camera. There is a blue wall behind him and he is wearing a green paisley shirt. (3)
A person is walking down a shady walkway. The trees create a canopy over top. (4)
A man is walking on a path. In the background there are lots of trees on the path and it appears to be autumn. (5)
A woman is talking on a pay phone while her friend waits. They appear to be in front of a closed store in a larger city. (6)
A woman is talking on a pay phone. Her friend is leaning against the phone waiting for her. (7)
A man is riding a bike. He is wearing a hat. (8)
A man is riding a motorcycle. In the background there is a blue car and two trees. (9)
A girl is playing a flute. There is a music stand and piano in the background. (10)
There is a girl possibly in her teens standing in front of a music that is holding a sheet of music playing a flute. A couple of feet to the right of her is a woman playing a piano and another woman getting ready to turn the page for her. (11)
A woman is reading the newspaper. She is in a restaurant or cafe. (12)
A woman is reading the newspaper. She is in a restaurant or cafe. (13)
A woman is reading a newpaper in a coffee shop. Shelves and another person is in the background. (14)
A woman is reading a newpaper in a coffee shop. Shelves and another person is in the background. (15)
A woman is reading a newspaper. The walls are yellow and gray. (16)
A woman is reading a newspaper. The walls are yellow and gray. (17)
A man looks at pictures. There is a folded green shade umbrella and a smiling woman behind him. (18)
A man is taking a picture. People are smiling. (19)
A person wearing a helmet and a green top is riding a road bike down a road. Behind the person is a white and green SUV carrying two red road bikes on it's cargo bike rack. (20)
A person is riding in a bike race. There is a car driving behind him. (21)
A man is reading a book on a bed. There is a baby on the bed with him and a bookshelf to the left. (22)
A man is lying on the bed with a baby. There is a book shelf beside the bed. (23)
Two men are playing instruments. One is on the keyboard. (24)
A keyboard player and a pipe blower are making some music. There are venetian blinds hanging at the windows. (25)
A woman is taking a picture of a crowded stadium. There are several trees and blue skies in the background. (26)
A woman is taking a picture of a crowded stadium. There are several trees and blue skies in the background. (27)
There is a man taking a picture with a camera. There is a crowd in the background that looks to be attending a concert. (28)
There is a man taking a picture with a camera. There is a crowd in the background that looks to be attending a concert. (29)
A man watches a game. There are spectators and another man behind him taking a picture. (30)
A man watches a game. There are spectators and another man behind him taking a picture. (31)
A young person laying on the floor talking on the telephone. A bedroom with a stripe running through the bedspread, wood floors and black and gray drapery. (32)
This is a picture of a person lying down while talking on the phone. There is a pillow underneath the person and a blanket in the background. (33)
A man is talking on a telephone. There is a pink building and a tree in the background. (34)
A man wearing an orange polo shirt is using a pay phone. In the background is a paved street, some bushes, and several large buildings. (35)
A toddler on a blue couch peers at a book. The venetian blinds behind her are open. (36)
A toddler on a blue couch peers at a book. The venetian blinds behind her are open. (37)
A young girl is looking at a book. She is sitting in a big chair. (38)
A young girl is looking at a book. She is sitting in a big chair. (39)
There is a girl reading a book on a blue sofa. There is a window behind her. (40)
There is a girl reading a book on a blue sofa. There is a window behind her. (41)
A woman is talking on the phone. She is cooking at the same time. (42)
A woman is boiling something and talking on the telephone. She is inside of a household with white chairs in the background. (43)
A child reads a book. He sits on a blue sofa. (44)
A little boy is reading a book. There are cushions around him and a wooden chair behind him. (45)
A man is playing a musical instrument. He is wearing a black hat. (46)
A man is playing his instruments. He race track is behind me. (47)
A man in a strange mask is holding a chicken up to his face. There is a woman and a girl watching him. (48)
A man is holding a chicken in his hands. There are lots of trees in the background. (49)
A snowboarder is jumpid in mid air. It is the evening time and the sky is dark. (50)
A man is snowboarding in winter clothes. It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him. (51)
A person sitting at a computer typing and doing some type of project. A nice size room that appears to be a library, there is a sign in desk and there are several bookcases full of books. (52)
A person is working on a computer. The location is at a library. (53)
A woman is reading a card to a child. The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left. (54)
A woman wearing a yellow sleeveless shirt reads a birthday card to a little girl. A wall with white siding is in the background. (55)
A man is running outside. He is wearing athletic shoes. (56)
A man is running. There is water next to him. (57)
There is a man in a costume playing a violin and standing in front of a building. The building behind him is white, brown, and green and there is a person standing off to his side. (58)
A man is playing the violin. He is wearing brown shoes. (59)
There is a young boy on the beach reading a book. In the background is sand and a shoreline. (60)
There is a young boy on the beach reading a book. In the background is sand and a shoreline. (61)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing yellow shorts. (62)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing yellow shorts. (63)
A boy is reading with his feet in the sand. There is a beach in front him. (64)
A boy is reading with his feet in the sand. There is a beach in front him. (65)
A man is jumping into the water. There are trees behind him. (66)
Having fun at the lake being pushed into cold water. It's too cold to go in willingly. (67)
