Two graduates are posing for the camera. It's sunny and many people are in the area. (0)
Two smiling males are wearing white graduation caps and gowns, one is holding a phone to his ear. There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not. (1)
A man is taking a picture. He is on a boat. (2)
Three women are taking photographs. In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door. (3)
A man playing electric guitar. Bright light up above. (4)
A man is playing a guitar. A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background. (5)
A man is standing in front of a sign. The sign is Universal Pictures. (6)
A man is standing in front of Universal theme park. The American flag is blowing in the wind. (7)
There is a man posing for a picture. In the back ground there is a large universal studios globe. (8)
A small girl is riding a horse. There are trees and mountains in the background. (9)
A man is riding a motorcycle. In the background there is a blue car and two trees. (10)
People are walking on a street. There is a brick road and buildings in the background. (11)
A man is riding a bike. There is a car going the other direction in the background. (12)
A man is playing the saxophone. There is a guitar beside him. (13)
A man is talking on a phone. There is a white wall with a sign about New York behind him. (14)
A foreign man with sunglasses talking on a cell phone. A large building and a mountain in the background. (15)
A man is riding a moped giving the peace sign. It is dark out. (16)
This is a man wearing a blue shirt riding a small motorcycle. He is riding on pavement and there are some trees in the background and a dark sky above. (17)
A man wearing red shorts and a tank is running. People and trees are in the background. (18)
A man is reading. He has a shawl around one shoulder. (19)
There is a man reading a magazine. There are a few windows with some sort of drapes in the background. (20)
A woman is riding her bike. There is a highway in the background. (21)
A man is publicly playing an instrument. There are pedestrians walking near him. (22)
A woman is working on a computer. The computer on a desk in a house. (23)
A man in a green and white sweater is taking a photograph. He has brown hair and is wearing a watch. (24)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is sitting on a leather seat and there is a white brick wall behind him. (25)
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone. There is an orange wall and a white door behind them. (26)
A man is making a phone call on a pay phone. Another man is standing holding a drink. (27)
There is a man drinking a beverage and a man using a payphone. In the background there is a large truck with its lights on. (28)
People are running a marathon. They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background. (29)
There is a women on a horse. She appears to be outdoors near a mountain. (30)
A man is reading a book on a subway. There are several windows in the car. (31)
A person is reading. They are riding the bus. (32)
A boy is reading a book. There are brown seats and window around him. (33)
Three people walking down a dirt road carrying bags. Beautiful green fields with trees and brush along a dirt road. (34)
There is a man hunching down to take a photograph with his camera. He is standing in front of a red wall with pictures on the side of it. (35)
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat. (36)
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people. (37)
Two people are riding their bikes down a hill. There are wires and telephone poles in the background. (38)
Two bicycle riders coast down a hilly city street. Power wires hang overhead. (39)
A woman is sitting in a chair and reading. She is resting her feet on a blue stool. (40)
A woman is reading a magazine. She is sitting in a cushioned chair and her feet are up on a stool. (41)
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle. (42)
A man with a beard talking on a telephone along the wall. A sidewalk with stores and cafes and many people sitting at tables. (43)
A man is talking on a payphone. There is a cigar shop and a sidewalk behind him. (44)
A man is talking on a payphone. There is a business sign behind him and a blue canopy. (45)
A man is working at a computer. 2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background. (46)
Two black boys are running down the sidewalk. There are buildings along the street. (47)
A small boy in playing in the grass. There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him. (48)
There is a man in a suit looking at a laptop. The man is sitting on a red and yellow couch and there is a picture on the wall behind him. (49)
There is a man talking on a cell phone, sitting on a rock in a field. There is a sunset and a small hill on the background. (50)
A woman is running a race. There is another woman running behind her. (51)
A woman with the number 591 attached to her white top by a piece of paper is running along a track. Behind her are some trees, a large fence, and several other people who are also running. (52)
A woman running in some kind of race or marathon. A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around. (53)
A woman is holding a silver camera. There is pink patterned wallpaper and a mirror in the room. (54)
Two men on stage smoking cigarettes and playing guitar. A small stage with blue walls in the background and people performing on stage. (55)
Two men are playing guitars and smoking. A Gray wall and white ceiling are in the background. (56)
A girl is riding her bike. There is a man in the background riding his bike. (57)
This is a picture of a man riding a motorcycle. There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background. (58)
A man is riding a motorcycle. The road is salmon colored. (59)
Two children and a woman are sitting on a couch. A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background. (60)
Men ride bicycles in a line. The road curves beneath them and trees are behind them. (61)
There are three people walking down a path away from a maroon car. There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas. (62)
There are two people wearing helmets on a motorcycle. There is an intersection in the background and several buildings and people walking along the sidewalk. (63)
Two people are riding a motorcycle together. They are wearing helmets. (64)
A woman in a straw hat, wearing a sleeveless black tank and jeans, is taking a picture with a camera that has a telephoto lens. An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving. (65)
A woman is standing and talking on the phone. A man and a woman sit on a blanket in the background. (66)
A man is running in a race. Several buildings and store fronts, 4 bystanders, and a person riding a bike are in the background. (67)
A baby is sleeping with a cellphone next to their right hear. In the background is a person wearing a plaid shirt. (68)
A man in a red shirt is holding a beer. There are two people in the background, one of whom is taking a picture. (69)
A woman is jogging on the beach with a dog. There are some buildings in the background. (70)
There are four riders on motorcycles, driving on a track. There are orange striped cones. (71)
A child is using a computer. There is a desk full of stuff, an orange drink and a small box. (72)
A man on a bicycle, with a child on the back, has stopped to snap a photo. There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind. (73)
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars. A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look. (74)
There is a woman reading to a small girl. Behind them are presents wrapped in colorful paper. (75)
A woman is looking at a piece of paper. She is wearing a pink shirt. (76)
A girl is looking at a greeting card. She is sitting down in a wooden chair. (77)
A woman is reading a card to a child. The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left. (78)
A young man is sitting at a desk studying an image on a computer. There are shelves on the desk and a picture above the computer. (79)
A man is sitting in front of his computer in his office. The bookshelves behind him are messy. (80)
A man is taking a picture as the flash goes off. He is wearing a light blue shirt. (81)
A man sitting on a chair is acting crazy, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes squinted. Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl. (82)
A man is on a computer. He is wearing a jacket. (83)
Two men are racing each other. A gate is in the background. (84)
A shirtless boy is jumping into water. He is wearing swim trunks that are gray and have a flower design. (85)
There is a man wearing a Santa hat and playing the card game Uno. There are no lights on and it seems to be dark. (86)
A man is taking photos of people. There is a narrow street with old buildings in the background. (87)
A crowd of people walks down a street. There are tall buildings with windows on either side of them. (88)
A little girl is learning how to ride a bike. The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars. (89)
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him. (90)
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence. (91)
A girl is sitting on the bottom of a bunk bed. She is in a bedroom with an extra bunk bed and numerous objects. (92)
A man making a speak at a podium. He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone. (93)
A man is playing a piano. Another man is playing another instrument in front of him. (94)
A man is reading a musical composition. There is a piano in front of him. (95)
A man is walking towards a bridge. He is in a vast green feild with trees near a bridge. (96)
A young man is walking across grass toward a footbridge. Each side of the bridge is lined with thick green trees. (97)
A woman is running. There is a garbage can beside her. (98)
A green trash bin is overstuffed and bags of trash are sitting near it. A woman wearing a pink shirt is running down the street behind the bin. (99)
Two young women are taking pictures at a scenic overlook. There is a gray stone wall with a rail, trees, and a river. (100)
 (101)
