A little blonde girl is opening a box and pulling out a present and pretending to drink from a green-patterned cup. Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room. (0)
Two young men are wearing white graduation caps and gowns. There are trees and people in the background. (1)
A man on a boat is taking a picture. Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore. (2)
There are several people taking pictures. They are in a ornately decorated room. (3)
A man is riding a bike. He is wearing a hat. (4)
Several people are walking along on a city street. There are tall buildings in the background. (5)
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background. (6)
A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background. (7)
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed. (8)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (9)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (10)
There is a man playing a saxophone. There is a guitar next to him on the ground. (11)
This is a picture of man on a cell phone. There is a white brick wall with a small sign on it behind him. (12)
A man riding a motor scooter holding his fingers in a peace sign. A very dark background with lots of trees and a mountain with a tiny bit of light in the distance. (13)
There is a man in a red track outfit running. There is a grass field and a crowd of people in the background. (14)
There is a man running quickly in a red outfit. The background is a motion blur of grass, trees, and a few people. (15)
A man is reading a magazine. He is sitting cross legged and there are sheer tan curtains on the window behind him. (16)
There is a person riding a bicycle on a sidewalk next to a road. There is a road with some trees and a car in the background. (17)
A woman wearing a helmet is riding a bike on a sidewalk. The setting appears to be in Europe because of the lane in which the van in the background is driving. (18)
There is a man and women both on horses. They are on a beach during the day. (19)
A boy sits on the snow. There are snow covered trees in the background. (20)
There is a child running in the snow. The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow. (21)
There is a man playing a trumpet. He is sitting inside of some sort of stone building and there are people all around. (22)
This is a picture of a man playing the trumpet while sitting in a stone archway. The stone wall extends on either side and there is a woman in a red jacket walking down the sidewalk. (23)
There are three women walking down a street. There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background. (24)
A man wearing a watch and a green shirt is getting ready to take a picture with his camera. Behind him is a a white concrete wall and attached to the wall is a wooden frame. (25)
A horse is jumping over an obstacle. There are houses in the background. (26)
A person is riding a horse as it jumps. There is green grass and houses in the background. (27)
The girl is riding a horse. The mountains are huge in the background. (28)
A man in a black coat is taking a photo. There is a red wall behind him and an arcade machine off to the left. (29)
A man is taking a picture. There is a sign in the background. (30)
A woman and a man are reading books. There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall. (31)
A person is playing the bass violin. Another person is sitting next to her. (32)
Two girls are in an orchestra. There is a white wall and blue chairs. (33)
A man is carrying a box. There is a white house and lots of windows. (34)
A man is carrying a box out of a house. There is a large empty field behind the house in the background. (35)
A man is leaving a building. He is carrying a box. (36)
A woman is reading a magazine. The walls behind her are yellow and she rests her feet on a blue footstool that sits on a braided rug. (37)
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk. (38)
A man is riding a motorcycle. There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background. (39)
A man is driving a motorcycle through a parking lot. There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings. (40)
A girl is taking a picture of a guy. There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall. (41)
A man is posing for a picture. There is a sign that says Tequila in the background. (42)
A man is typing on a laptop computer. There is another individual in the background doing the same and shelves in the back. (43)
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls. (44)
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background. (45)
Two people are walking on the sidewalk. There is an orange sign above them. (46)
There are 3 people on the beach. One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks. (47)
A little boy walking in the grass. There is a white chair beside him. (48)
There are two people with on taking a picture of the other. There is grass and trees in the background. (49)
A man in a tan tuxedo is on an apple laptop. There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background. (50)
A male is sitting on a large rock. The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon. (51)
A man is talking on his cell phone. There is a beautiful sunset in the background. (52)
A woman takes a picture. There is a blue curtain and polka dot walls around her. (53)
A woman is riding a bicycle and smiling. There are large pillars in the background and another male biker. (54)
A man is riding his bike. Other people are riding behind him. (55)
A person walking and a person riding a bike without any protective gear. A roadway with a large open field and beautiful trees all around. (56)
A man on a bicycle pedals behind a jogger. There's a green field and lots of trees. (57)
Two people are riding horses. They are riding on the beach. (58)
Two girls pose for a picture, one of them is on a cell phone. There is a white wall and a window with closed venetian blinds behind them. (59)
Two women are dancing in dresses. A third women is staring from behind against the wall. (60)
Two ladies are dancing. There is another lady in the background who isn't dancing, but is standing by a wall or door. (61)
Two women in dresses are dancing. There is a partition and a lady standing against a brown wall in the background. (62)
Five young women are walking in the middle of a street at night. There is a fence alongside the road. (63)
A person is riding a horse. There is a railing in the background and a green tree. (64)
A young girl is sitting on a white horse. She is wearing a blue safety helmet and boots. (65)
There is a girl on a white horse. Behind her is a black fence and green trees. (66)
A baby is asleep and appears to be holding a cellphone. The baby is being held by someone else and is swathed in a blue blanket. (67)
A baby is holding a telephone. There are blankets and a couch in the background of the photograph. (68)
A woman dressed in sweats and a vest is running with a dog. There is lots of empty space with some buildings far away. (69)
A person is riding a motorbike. They are wearing a helmet. (70)
A young child is seated in front of a computer monitor. His hand is on the mouse, and he is sitting on a wooden chair. (71)
A woman is standing in a well lit room of a house. There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her. (72)
A woman is posing for a picture. There is a light fixture in the background. (73)
A jockey on a horse are making a jump over a hurdle. They are in an equestrian competition. (74)
A man and a woman smoking cigarettes. There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench. (75)
A man is riding a horse. There are stairs and bushes in the background. (76)
A man dressed in a very special uniform on a beautiful horse. A very steep hill with lovely landscaping and a pretty black staircase with railing going up the hill. (77)
A woman wearing a yellow sleeveless shirt reads a birthday card to a little girl. A wall with white siding is in the background. (78)
A man is on a computer. He is sitting at a desk. (79)
A girl is using a computer. She is wearing a pink shirt. (80)
A man takes a picture with his cell phone. There is a pipe and a brick wall behind him. (81)
A man is taking a picture. There is a brick wall behind him. (82)
A man is in deep thought. He is in an Internet cafe. (83)
A little girl is jumping into the air. There are clouds behind her. (84)
Two men are running side by side in a race. There are people watching behind a gait. (85)
A man is jumping into a body of water. He is wearing swimming trunks. (86)
A man is jumping into a body of water. The water is calm aside from some small ripples. (87)
A male in Santa hat shuffles a deck of cards. A cabinet is in background. (88)
A woman is helping a child on a bicycle. Their shadows fall on a blue car. (89)
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on. (90)
A girl is sitting on a bunk bed. There is a television in front of her. (91)
A rider on a horse jumps over an obstacle during a competition. Trees and grass are in the background. (92)
A person wearing a black and white helmet is riding a horse that is jumping over several poles. In the background are several trees, several buildings, and a horse. (93)
man is playing a piano. In the background you see another man playing an instrument and the room is very dark. (94)
A woman is reading a newspaper. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (95)
A man in a yellow sweater is walking away from the camera. It is a nice day out, and the lawn is well-manicured. (96)
A boy is walking on a beach. There is cold looking sand and water. (97)
Two young men are standing close together, smiling, and one has his arm around the other. Behind each of their heads someone is making a peace sign. (98)
Two people are seated and using laptops. There is a bookshelf and several storage boxes along the wall in the background. (99)
A woman is taking a picture with a camera. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (100)
A girl with sunglasses standing on a stone wall while another girl with glasses is taking a picture. There are trees and a river in the background. (101)
 (102)
