It's sunny and many people are in the area.
There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not.
He is on a boat.
In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door.
Bright light up above.
A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background.
The sign is Universal Pictures.
The American flag is blowing in the wind.
In the back ground there is a large universal studios globe.
There are trees and mountains in the background.
In the background there is a blue car and two trees.
There is a brick road and buildings in the background.
There is a car going the other direction in the background.
There is a guitar beside him.
There is a white wall with a sign about New York behind him.
A large building and a mountain in the background.
It is dark out.
He is riding on pavement and there are some trees in the background and a dark sky above.
People and trees are in the background.
He has a shawl around one shoulder.
There are a few windows with some sort of drapes in the background.
There is a highway in the background.
There are pedestrians walking near him.
The computer on a desk in a house.
He has brown hair and is wearing a watch.
He is sitting on a leather seat and there is a white brick wall behind him.
There is an orange wall and a white door behind them.
Another man is standing holding a drink.
In the background there is a large truck with its lights on.
They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background.
She appears to be outdoors near a mountain.
There are several windows in the car.
They are riding the bus.
There are brown seats and window around him.
Beautiful green fields with trees and brush along a dirt road.
He is standing in front of a red wall with pictures on the side of it.
She is wearing a red coat.
The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people.
There are wires and telephone poles in the background.
Power wires hang overhead.
She is resting her feet on a blue stool.
She is sitting in a cushioned chair and her feet are up on a stool.
The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle.
A sidewalk with stores and cafes and many people sitting at tables.
There is a cigar shop and a sidewalk behind him.
There is a business sign behind him and a blue canopy.
2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background.
There are buildings along the street.
There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him.
The man is sitting on a red and yellow couch and there is a picture on the wall behind him.
There is a sunset and a small hill on the background.
There is another woman running behind her.
Behind her are some trees, a large fence, and several other people who are also running.
A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around.
There is pink patterned wallpaper and a mirror in the room.
A small stage with blue walls in the background and people performing on stage.
A Gray wall and white ceiling are in the background.
There is a man in the background riding his bike.
There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background.
The road is salmon colored.
A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background.
The road curves beneath them and trees are behind them.
There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas.
There is an intersection in the background and several buildings and people walking along the sidewalk.
They are wearing helmets.
An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving.
A man and a woman sit on a blanket in the background.
Several buildings and store fronts, 4 bystanders, and a person riding a bike are in the background.
In the background is a person wearing a plaid shirt.
There are two people in the background, one of whom is taking a picture.
There are some buildings in the background.
There are orange striped cones.
There is a desk full of stuff, an orange drink and a small box.
There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind.
A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look.
Behind them are presents wrapped in colorful paper.
She is wearing a pink shirt.
She is sitting down in a wooden chair.
The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left.
There are shelves on the desk and a picture above the computer.
The bookshelves behind him are messy.
He is wearing a light blue shirt.
Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl.
He is wearing a jacket.
A gate is in the background.
He is wearing swim trunks that are gray and have a flower design.
There are no lights on and it seems to be dark.
There is a narrow street with old buildings in the background.
There are tall buildings with windows on either side of them.
The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars.
A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him.
There are spectators leaning on the fence.
She is in a bedroom with an extra bunk bed and numerous objects.
He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone.
Another man is playing another instrument in front of him.
There is a piano in front of him.
He is in a vast green feild with trees near a bridge.
Each side of the bridge is lined with thick green trees.
There is a garbage can beside her.
A woman wearing a pink shirt is running down the street behind the bin.
There is a gray stone wall with a rail, trees, and a river.

