A man is riding a mountain bike on the side of the road. There is a car and trees surrounding the road in the background. (0)
A man is riding a bike down the road. A car and trees are in the background. (1)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (2)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (3)
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed. (4)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (5)
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed. (6)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (7)
There is a man running quickly in a red outfit. The background is a motion blur of grass, trees, and a few people. (8)
There is a man in a red track outfit running. There is a grass field and a crowd of people in the background. (9)
A woman wearing a helmet is riding a bike on a sidewalk. The setting appears to be in Europe because of the lane in which the van in the background is driving. (10)
There is a person riding a bicycle on a sidewalk next to a road. There is a road with some trees and a car in the background. (11)
There is a child running in the snow. The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow. (12)
A boy sits on the snow. There are snow covered trees in the background. (13)
This is a picture of a man playing the trumpet while sitting in a stone archway. The stone wall extends on either side and there is a woman in a red jacket walking down the sidewalk. (14)
There is a man playing a trumpet. He is sitting inside of some sort of stone building and there are people all around. (15)
A person is riding a horse as it jumps. There is green grass and houses in the background. (16)
A horse is jumping over an obstacle. There are houses in the background. (17)
A man is taking a picture. There is a sign in the background. (18)
A man in a black coat is taking a photo. There is a red wall behind him and an arcade machine off to the left. (19)
Two girls are in an orchestra. There is a white wall and blue chairs. (20)
A person is playing the bass violin. Another person is sitting next to her. (21)
A man is carrying a box out of a house. There is a large empty field behind the house in the background. (22)
A man is leaving a building. He is carrying a box. (23)
A man is carrying a box. There is a white house and lots of windows. (24)
A man is leaving a building. He is carrying a box. (25)
A man is carrying a box. There is a white house and lots of windows. (26)
A man is carrying a box out of a house. There is a large empty field behind the house in the background. (27)
A man is driving a motorcycle through a parking lot. There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings. (28)
A man is riding a motorcycle. There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background. (29)
A man is posing for a picture. There is a sign that says Tequila in the background. (30)
A girl is taking a picture of a guy. There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall. (31)
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background. (32)
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls. (33)
A man is talking on his cell phone. There is a beautiful sunset in the background. (34)
A male is sitting on a large rock. The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon. (35)
A man on a bicycle pedals behind a jogger. There's a green field and lots of trees. (36)
A person walking and a person riding a bike without any protective gear. A roadway with a large open field and beautiful trees all around. (37)
Two ladies are dancing. There is another lady in the background who isn't dancing, but is standing by a wall or door. (38)
Two women in dresses are dancing. There is a partition and a lady standing against a brown wall in the background. (39)
Two women are dancing in dresses. A third women is staring from behind against the wall. (40)
Two women in dresses are dancing. There is a partition and a lady standing against a brown wall in the background. (41)
Two women are dancing in dresses. A third women is staring from behind against the wall. (42)
Two ladies are dancing. There is another lady in the background who isn't dancing, but is standing by a wall or door. (43)
A young girl is sitting on a white horse. She is wearing a blue safety helmet and boots. (44)
There is a girl on a white horse. Behind her is a black fence and green trees. (45)
A person is riding a horse. There is a railing in the background and a green tree. (46)
There is a girl on a white horse. Behind her is a black fence and green trees. (47)
A person is riding a horse. There is a railing in the background and a green tree. (48)
A young girl is sitting on a white horse. She is wearing a blue safety helmet and boots. (49)
A baby is holding a telephone. There are blankets and a couch in the background of the photograph. (50)
A baby is asleep and appears to be holding a cellphone. The baby is being held by someone else and is swathed in a blue blanket. (51)
A woman is posing for a picture. There is a light fixture in the background. (52)
A woman is standing in a well lit room of a house. There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her. (53)
A man dressed in a very special uniform on a beautiful horse. A very steep hill with lovely landscaping and a pretty black staircase with railing going up the hill. (54)
A man is riding a horse. There are stairs and bushes in the background. (55)
A man is taking a picture. There is a brick wall behind him. (56)
A man takes a picture with his cell phone. There is a pipe and a brick wall behind him. (57)
A man is jumping into a body of water. The water is calm aside from some small ripples. (58)
A man is jumping into a body of water. He is wearing swimming trunks. (59)
A person wearing a black and white helmet is riding a horse that is jumping over several poles. In the background are several trees, several buildings, and a horse. (60)
A rider on a horse jumps over an obstacle during a competition. Trees and grass are in the background. (61)
A girl with sunglasses standing on a stone wall while another girl with glasses is taking a picture. There are trees and a river in the background. (62)
A woman is taking a picture with a camera. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (63)
