A boy is using the computer. There is a window in the background. (0)
Two graduates are posing for the camera. It's sunny and many people are in the area. (1)
A man sitting on a bench reading a paper. A large white building with a balcony behind a large black fence. (2)
A man is taking a picture. He is wearing a green shirt. (3)
A man is holding a camera. There is a white umbrella behind him. (4)
A young girl is running outside. It is a sunny day with some shade and the grass is green. (5)
A little girl is running on grass. She's wearing a red shirt and striped shorts. (6)
A woman talking a picture wearing a tube top with a tie at the neck. A beautiful mountain scene with trees large and small. (7)
A woman is taking a photograph. She is standing in front of an evergreen tree. (8)
A man is playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it. (9)
A man is playing a cello. There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass. (10)
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background. (11)
A man is standing in front of a sign. The sign is Universal Pictures. (12)
A man is riding a bike. He is wearing a hat. (13)
A woman is taking a picture. A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background. (14)
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background. (15)
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background. (16)
A person running in some type of race and just ready to go through the finish line. A street with houses and apartments and a yellow van sitting on the side of the building. (17)
There is a man reading a magazine on a plane. There is a bright light coming from one of the plane's windows. (18)
A woman wearing race numbers is running through a grass field. Behind a white fence, dozens of spectators watch. (19)
A girl is running in a race. There are many spectators on the side. (20)
A young women is playing the keyboard and smiling at the camera. There are wooden floors and a tiny Christmas tree in the background. (21)
There is a girl riding a horse. In the back ground there is a lot of green vegetation. (22)
A man is reading a newspaper. There's a bag on the table. (23)
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him. (24)
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him. (25)
A woman is working on a computer. The computer on a desk in a house. (26)
A man wearing a watch and a green shirt is getting ready to take a picture with his camera. Behind him is a a white concrete wall and attached to the wall is a wooden frame. (27)
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone. There is an orange wall and a white door behind them. (28)
A horse is jumping over an obstacle. There are houses in the background. (29)
A person is riding a horse as it jumps. There is green grass and houses in the background. (30)
There is a woman riding on dirt trail atop a brown horse looking back at the camera. There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them. (31)
This is a picture of someone on horseback. They are positioned on the beach with the forest off to the left and a body of water in front of them to the right. (32)
A man is holding his girl's hand while they walk. Another guy in a white shirt is walking with them by a pond. (33)
There is a man hunching down to take a photograph with his camera. He is standing in front of a red wall with pictures on the side of it. (34)
A man is playing violin in a band on stage. Another man on stage is playing guitar. (35)
Two men are playing instruments on a stage. One has a violin the other a guitar. (36)
A man is driving a motorcycle through a parking lot. There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings. (37)
A little boy walking in the grass. There is a white chair beside him. (38)
One woman and one man are browsing the internet on an older-model computer. They appear to be in a computer lab in an older building. (39)
There are people using the computers. There is map on an easle. (40)
An old man is riding a bicycle. He is on the street and there are shrubs in the background. (41)
A man rides a bicycle on the road. He has groceries in the back. (42)
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background. (43)
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background. (44)
A man is riding a bicycle down an alley. A large dirty brick building with several windows is in the background. (45)
Man riding motor bike through alley. Red sign up above him. (46)
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city. (47)
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance. (48)
A toddler is looking at a book. There are bright blue cushions. (49)
A little boy is reading a book. There are cushions around him and a wooden chair behind him. (50)
A man is using a laptop. There is a field behind him and some clouds in the sky. (51)
Two girls pose for a picture, one of them is on a cell phone. There is a white wall and a window with closed venetian blinds behind them. (52)
There is a boy on a bicycle. He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him. (53)
A man in a green hat is working on a laptop. He is sitting down on a couch. (54)
Young girl getting ready for school. Online schooling; you can even do it wrapped in a towel. (55)
There is a young child at a computer. In the background is a window, bookshelf, and a rack filled with kid's magazines. (56)
A girl is speaking on the phone. She is in a restaurant. (57)
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man. (58)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window. (59)
The girls are sitting in a circle. They are working on a craft. (60)
A man is jumping off a ledge. There are trees in the background. (61)
A boy is playing the drums. There are several cars in the background. (62)
A man in a red shirt is playing a guitar. He is on stage in front of a large crowd. (63)
There is a photographer laying in grass taking a picture. There is smoke and a mountain in the background. (64)
A person is taking a picture with a camera. There is a mountain in the background. (65)
A woman is standing in a well lit room of a house. There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her. (66)
A jockey on a horse are making a jump over a hurdle. They are in an equestrian competition. (67)
A man and a woman smoking cigarettes. There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench. (68)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing sandals. (69)
A man is reading. There is a building behind him. (70)
A woman is looking at a piece of paper. She is wearing a pink shirt. (71)
A man is riding a horse. There are stairs and bushes in the background. (72)
A man dressed in a very special uniform on a beautiful horse. A very steep hill with lovely landscaping and a pretty black staircase with railing going up the hill. (73)
A girl is looking at a greeting card. She is sitting down in a wooden chair. (74)
A man is taking a photo of another man. Both men are wearing jackets. (75)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (76)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (77)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (78)
A man is reading a book. He is on a beach, sitting on a blanket on the sand, trees are in the background. (79)
A man sitting on a chair is acting crazy, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes squinted. Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl. (80)
A person wearing white is using a roll brush on a flat object. In the background is a cloudy blue sky and metal railings. (81)
There is a man on stage holding a microphone. There is a drummer and a guitarist behind him. (82)
Two men are racing each other. A gate is in the background. (83)
There is a man on a cellphone in his car. It is too dark to see through the windows of the car. (84)
A young man is talking on his cell phone. He is driving in his car and wearing a grey long sleeved shirt. (85)
Someone talks on a telephone inside a red telephone booth. There are people walking down the sidewalk in the background. (86)
A woman is standing in a telephone booth. There is a tree without leaves behind her. (87)
There is a woman in a red telephone booth. The wall beside it is white, blue, and red. (88)
A woman is trotting along on a horse. she is in an open area with other horse back riders. (89)
A lady with a red shirt riding a horse. There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding. (90)
A man is taking photos of people. There is a narrow street with old buildings in the background. (91)
There is someone playing a piano with someone sitting next to them. The person not playing is wearing jeans. (92)
Having fun at the lake being pushed into cold water. It's too cold to go in willingly. (93)
A man is walking towards a bridge. He is in a vast green feild with trees near a bridge. (94)
A man in a yellow sweater is walking away from the camera. It is a nice day out, and the lawn is well-manicured. (95)
A young man is walking across grass toward a footbridge. Each side of the bridge is lined with thick green trees. (96)
A amn fell off his motor cycle. You see two more men behind him cheering. (97)
There is a man with his hands up jumping in the air. There are clouds, water, and people in the background. (98)
A man is jumping in the air. The sky is cloudy and blue. (99)
A woman is laying on a towel on a beach in a bikini. In the background is a blue sky with several clouds and a large body of water. (100)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a grey sweatshirt. (101)
 (102)
