There is a red iron gate behind him.
A house siting in the background with a large window.
There are trees and people in the background.
There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not.
A gate and building is behind him.
There is an iron fence behind him.
In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door.
There is a blue wall behind him and he is wearing a green paisley shirt.
Another girl is holding the reign.
She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors.
The background is dark but there are clearly some trees.
Green grass, trees and a blue skyline are in the background.
The American flag is blowing in the wind.
In the back ground there is a large universal studios globe.
There are trees and mountains in the background.
In the background there is a blue car and two trees.
To her side sits her friend and a bottle of water.
The picture is black and white.
A grey van, a wooded area and a street sign are in the backround.
There is a yellow van with the doors open on the side.
A van, buidlings, and other people are in the background.
There are trees and a fence to the side.
There is another person behind him and a window.
He is sitting down and there is someone else across the aisle and a window in the background.
There is a crowd to her right behind a white canvas fence next to the green grass.
A small Christmas tree sits on a hardwood floor in the background.
There is a small christmas tree in the background.
There are green pine trees in the background.
A lovely field of wheat with beautiful pine trees all around.
The guitar is blue and white.
There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background.
He has brown hair and is wearing a watch.
He is sitting on a leather seat and there is a white brick wall behind him.
Behind the person is a white and green SUV carrying two red road bikes on it's cargo bike rack.
There is a car driving behind him.
There is mountain or volcano in the background.
To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano.
A brown curtain is in the backround.
There is a table in front of her and a brown wall beside her.
There is a yellow and white table in front of her.
There is a hotel in the background.
There is a red wall behind him and an arcade machine off to the left.
There is a sign in the background.
There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall.
A group of people playing instruments with microphones and bright lighting all around.
There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background.
There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him.
A dinning room setting with dishes and glass in the china cabinet.
There is a display case with glasses and china in the background.
To the left of him is a woman of the same color sitting at a computer and to the right of him is a diagram or map of some sort.
The street is surrounded by hedges.
A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around.
He is going down a dirty alley with a red sign.
He is standing on a ledge.
There are other people on horses in the background.
There are jumps in the arena.
Behind her there is someone else on a black horse.
He sits on a blue sofa.
He is underneath an open air canopy and there are vast grasslands in the background.
It's sunny and puffy clouds are in the sky.
They are riding on the beach.
A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel.
There is a mural of a city painted on a wall, and behind that some type of building under construction.
A living room area with a plaid like sofa trimmed in wood and a mirror in the corner.
The couch has a plaid pattern.
Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background.
There is a bookshelf next to her.
There are magazines on the wall, a bookshelf and a window.
There is a fence alongside the road.
Behind them the room s dark and there are a few wall lamps.
There is food on the table in front of her and people around and behind her.
She is in a restaurant with a group of people.
There are three full levels of people watching the game.
There are people sitting in the seats surrounding the court.
In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it.
There is grass underneath them.
Large rocky cliffs with trees growing here and there and water down below, possibly someone would jump off the cliff into the water.
A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot.
He is performing on a stage in front of an audience.
There is a light fixture in the background.
While a younger gentleman is speaking on an microphone, at what seems to be a type of outdoor function.
The name in the navy shirt and khaki pants is holding a microphone in front of the marathon sign.
Behind them are presents wrapped in colorful paper.
The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left.
A wall with white siding is in the background.
There are branches and leaves in the background.
There are clouds behind her.
The sky is cloudy in the background.
He is kneeling on scaffolding and hanging onto the boat with one hand.
There is a microphone in his hand and drums on the stage.
There are people watching behind a gait.
He is making a foolish choice.
There are tall buildings with windows on either side of them.
She is dressed in a coat and jeans.
She is wearing blue jeans.
In the background is a bench and several tables with chairs.
You only see their fingers in the picture.
She is wearing a pair of glasses.
There are trees behind him.
There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses.
The waves crash in the ocean under a blue sky and a few puffy clouds.

