There is a boy on a laptop. There is a red iron gate behind him. (0)
A person working on a computer having a fun time. A house siting in the background with a large window. (1)
Two young men are wearing white graduation caps and gowns. There are trees and people in the background. (2)
Two smiling males are wearing white graduation caps and gowns, one is holding a phone to his ear. There are people in the background, some are graduates, some are not. (3)
A man is reading a newspaper. A gate and building is behind him. (4)
A man is reading the newspaper. There is an iron fence behind him. (5)
Three women are taking photographs. In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door. (6)
There is a man looking into a camera. There is a blue wall behind him and he is wearing a green paisley shirt. (7)
A small girl is on a horse. Another girl is holding the reign. (8)
There is a little girl on a horse. She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors. (9)
There is a small girl running in the grass. The background is dark but there are clearly some trees. (10)
A woman is taking a picture. Green grass, trees and a blue skyline are in the background. (11)
A man is standing in front of Universal theme park. The American flag is blowing in the wind. (12)
There is a man posing for a picture. In the back ground there is a large universal studios globe. (13)
A small girl is riding a horse. There are trees and mountains in the background. (14)
A man is riding a motorcycle. In the background there is a blue car and two trees. (15)
A girl takes a picture. To her side sits her friend and a bottle of water. (16)
A woman is taking a picture of her friend. The picture is black and white. (17)
A person is running in a race. A grey van, a wooded area and a street sign are in the backround. (18)
There is a girl about to finish a race. There is a yellow van with the doors open on the side. (19)
A woman is about to cross the finish line of a race. A van, buidlings, and other people are in the background. (20)
There are two people riding horses into a field. There are trees and a fence to the side. (21)
A man is reading a magazine while on a plane. There is another person behind him and a window. (22)
This is a picture of a man reading on an airplane. He is sitting down and there is someone else across the aisle and a window in the background. (23)
A young woman is running in a race. There is a crowd to her right behind a white canvas fence next to the green grass. (24)
A woman is playing keyboard in a home. A small Christmas tree sits on a hardwood floor in the background. (25)
A woman is playing the keyboard. There is a small christmas tree in the background. (26)
There is a person riding a gray horse. There are green pine trees in the background. (27)
A young person wearing a yellow numbered cropped shirt over a blue long sleeved shirt, as well as light riding breeches and riding boots on a beautiful white horse. A lovely field of wheat with beautiful pine trees all around. (28)
A middle age man is on stage playing a guitar. The guitar is blue and white. (29)
There are three women walking down a street. There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background. (30)
A man in a green and white sweater is taking a photograph. He has brown hair and is wearing a watch. (31)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. He is sitting on a leather seat and there is a white brick wall behind him. (32)
A person wearing a helmet and a green top is riding a road bike down a road. Behind the person is a white and green SUV carrying two red road bikes on it's cargo bike rack. (33)
A person is riding in a bike race. There is a car driving behind him. (34)
A person is sitting on a horse. There is mountain or volcano in the background. (35)
A person in a tank top and shorts is riding a dark colored horse on a sandy beach. To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano. (36)
A woman is looking at camera while reading the newspaper. A brown curtain is in the backround. (37)
A woman is reading a paper. There is a table in front of her and a brown wall beside her. (38)
A woman reading the newspaper. There is a yellow and white table in front of her. (39)
Three people are walking. There is a hotel in the background. (40)
A man in a black coat is taking a photo. There is a red wall behind him and an arcade machine off to the left. (41)
A man is taking a picture. There is a sign in the background. (42)
A woman and a man are reading books. There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall. (43)
A band with one man playing a guitar and one man playing a violin. A group of people playing instruments with microphones and bright lighting all around. (44)
A man is riding a motorcycle. There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background. (45)
A small boy in playing in the grass. There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him. (46)
A small group of students playing a very large musical instrument. A dinning room setting with dishes and glass in the china cabinet. (47)
There is a boy and two girls practicing the cello. There is a display case with glasses and china in the background. (48)
A man of color wearing a white shirt is sitting in a chair using a computer. To the left of him is a woman of the same color sitting at a computer and to the right of him is a diagram or map of some sort. (49)
An older man is riding a bike on a street. The street is surrounded by hedges. (50)
A person standing on a large balcony looking at a very large sphere. A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around. (51)
A man is riding a motorbike. He is going down a dirty alley with a red sign. (52)
A man is holding a camera that is pointed at the viewer. He is standing on a ledge. (53)
A woman wearing a hat is on a white horse. There are other people on horses in the background. (54)
A woman is riding a white horse in an arena. There are jumps in the arena. (55)
A women is riding a white horse. Behind her there is someone else on a black horse. (56)
A child reads a book. He sits on a blue sofa. (57)
There is a man sitting on a bed looking at a laptop. He is underneath an open air canopy and there are vast grasslands in the background. (58)
A woman sits with a laptop resting on her legs. It's sunny and puffy clouds are in the sky. (59)
Two people are riding horses. They are riding on the beach. (60)
A person riding a bicycle down the road, with a baseball cap on. A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel. (61)
A boy is riding a bike that has some type of canvas bag on the side. There is a mural of a city painted on a wall, and behind that some type of building under construction. (62)
A person siting on a sofa using a laptop. A living room area with a plaid like sofa trimmed in wood and a mirror in the corner. (63)
A man on his couch typing on the laptop. The couch has a plaid pattern. (64)
A woman is sitting at her computer with her headphones on. Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background. (65)
A young girl is sitting at a computer. There is a bookshelf next to her. (66)
A young girl is using the computer. There are magazines on the wall, a bookshelf and a window. (67)
Five young women are walking in the middle of a street at night. There is a fence alongside the road. (68)
There is a man and to women posing for a photo. Behind them the room s dark and there are a few wall lamps. (69)
An asian girl is talking on a cellphone in a restaurant. There is food on the table in front of her and people around and behind her. (70)
A woman talking on the phone. She is in a restaurant with a group of people. (71)
Basketball player in the Lakers uniform just avoids a block move from an opposing teams player. There are three full levels of people watching the game. (72)
there is a lakers player jumping in front of a bulls player on the basketball court. There are people sitting in the seats surrounding the court. (73)
There is a man taking a photo. In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it. (74)
Three girls are sitting down. There is grass underneath them. (75)
A man standing on a huge boulder doing different moves. Large rocky cliffs with trees growing here and there and water down below, possibly someone would jump off the cliff into the water. (76)
A band with mainly drums and cymbals. A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot. (77)
A man is jumping up and down while playing guitar. He is performing on a stage in front of an audience. (78)
A woman is posing for a picture. There is a light fixture in the background. (79)
The older gentleman is posing for a picture. While a younger gentleman is speaking on an microphone, at what seems to be a type of outdoor function. (80)
The man in the brown jacket is going to pull the triger and is being photographed. The name in the navy shirt and khaki pants is holding a microphone in front of the marathon sign. (81)
There is a woman reading to a small girl. Behind them are presents wrapped in colorful paper. (82)
A woman is reading a card to a child. The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left. (83)
A woman wearing a yellow sleeveless shirt reads a birthday card to a little girl. A wall with white siding is in the background. (84)
There is a man sitting on a towel in sand reading. There are branches and leaves in the background. (85)
A little girl is jumping into the air. There are clouds behind her. (86)
An older man with long hair paints gray primer onto a boat. The sky is cloudy in the background. (87)
The man in the white shirt is painting the boat gray. He is kneeling on scaffolding and hanging onto the boat with one hand. (88)
A band is playing and a man is singing. There is a microphone in his hand and drums on the stage. (89)
Two men are running side by side in a race. There are people watching behind a gait. (90)
The man in the gray sweater is talking on the phone while he is driving. He is making a foolish choice. (91)
A crowd of people walks down a street. There are tall buildings with windows on either side of them. (92)
A woman using a public telephone. She is dressed in a coat and jeans. (93)
A woman is talking on a pay phone. She is wearing blue jeans. (94)
A woman wearing a long white jacket is using a payphone. In the background is a bench and several tables with chairs. (95)
There is a person playing on a keyboard. You only see their fingers in the picture. (96)
A woman is reading a newspaper. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (97)
A man is jumping into the water. There are trees behind him. (98)
A man has fallen off a motor scoot. There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses. (99)
The man jumps playfully into the air. The waves crash in the ocean under a blue sky and a few puffy clouds. (100)
 (101)
