A man is holding a camera. There is a white umbrella behind him. (0)
A man is taking a picture. He is wearing a green shirt. (1)
A little girl is running on grass. She's wearing a red shirt and striped shorts. (2)
A young girl is running outside. It is a sunny day with some shade and the grass is green. (3)
A woman is taking a photograph. She is standing in front of an evergreen tree. (4)
A woman talking a picture wearing a tube top with a tie at the neck. A beautiful mountain scene with trees large and small. (5)
A man is playing a cello. There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass. (6)
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background. (7)
A man is playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it. (8)
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background. (9)
A man is playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it. (10)
A man is playing a cello. There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass. (11)
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background. (12)
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background. (13)
A girl is running in a race. There are many spectators on the side. (14)
A woman wearing race numbers is running through a grass field. Behind a white fence, dozens of spectators watch. (15)
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him. (16)
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him. (17)
A person is riding a horse as it jumps. There is green grass and houses in the background. (18)
A horse is jumping over an obstacle. There are houses in the background. (19)
Two men are playing instruments on a stage. One has a violin the other a guitar. (20)
A man is playing violin in a band on stage. Another man on stage is playing guitar. (21)
There are people using the computers. There is map on an easle. (22)
One woman and one man are browsing the internet on an older-model computer. They appear to be in a computer lab in an older building. (23)
A man rides a bicycle on the road. He has groceries in the back. (24)
An old man is riding a bicycle. He is on the street and there are shrubs in the background. (25)
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background. (26)
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background. (27)
Man riding motor bike through alley. Red sign up above him. (28)
A man is riding a bicycle down an alley. A large dirty brick building with several windows is in the background. (29)
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance. (30)
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city. (31)
A little boy is reading a book. There are cushions around him and a wooden chair behind him. (32)
A toddler is looking at a book. There are bright blue cushions. (33)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window. (34)
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man. (35)
A person is taking a picture with a camera. There is a mountain in the background. (36)
There is a photographer laying in grass taking a picture. There is smoke and a mountain in the background. (37)
A man is reading. There is a building behind him. (38)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing sandals. (39)
A man dressed in a very special uniform on a beautiful horse. A very steep hill with lovely landscaping and a pretty black staircase with railing going up the hill. (40)
A man is riding a horse. There are stairs and bushes in the background. (41)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (42)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (43)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (44)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (45)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (46)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (47)
A young man is talking on his cell phone. He is driving in his car and wearing a grey long sleeved shirt. (48)
There is a man on a cellphone in his car. It is too dark to see through the windows of the car. (49)
A woman is standing in a telephone booth. There is a tree without leaves behind her. (50)
There is a woman in a red telephone booth. The wall beside it is white, blue, and red. (51)
Someone talks on a telephone inside a red telephone booth. There are people walking down the sidewalk in the background. (52)
There is a woman in a red telephone booth. The wall beside it is white, blue, and red. (53)
Someone talks on a telephone inside a red telephone booth. There are people walking down the sidewalk in the background. (54)
A woman is standing in a telephone booth. There is a tree without leaves behind her. (55)
A lady with a red shirt riding a horse. There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding. (56)
A woman is trotting along on a horse. she is in an open area with other horse back riders. (57)
A man in a yellow sweater is walking away from the camera. It is a nice day out, and the lawn is well-manicured. (58)
A young man is walking across grass toward a footbridge. Each side of the bridge is lined with thick green trees. (59)
A man is walking towards a bridge. He is in a vast green feild with trees near a bridge. (60)
A young man is walking across grass toward a footbridge. Each side of the bridge is lined with thick green trees. (61)
A man is walking towards a bridge. He is in a vast green feild with trees near a bridge. (62)
A man in a yellow sweater is walking away from the camera. It is a nice day out, and the lawn is well-manicured. (63)
A man is jumping in the air. The sky is cloudy and blue. (64)
There is a man with his hands up jumping in the air. There are clouds, water, and people in the background. (65)
A man is on a telephone. There is a glimpse of a window behind him. (66)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a grey sweatshirt. (67)
