A man is taking a picture. He is wearing a green shirt. (0)
A man is holding a camera. There is a white umbrella behind him. (1)
A young girl is running outside. It is a sunny day with some shade and the grass is green. (2)
A little girl is running on grass. She's wearing a red shirt and striped shorts. (3)
A woman talking a picture wearing a tube top with a tie at the neck. A beautiful mountain scene with trees large and small. (4)
A woman is taking a photograph. She is standing in front of an evergreen tree. (5)
A man is playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it. (6)
A man is playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it. (7)
A man is playing a cello. There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass. (8)
A man is playing a cello. There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass. (9)
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background. (10)
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background. (11)
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background. (12)
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background. (13)
A woman wearing race numbers is running through a grass field. Behind a white fence, dozens of spectators watch. (14)
A girl is running in a race. There are many spectators on the side. (15)
This is a picture of a man playing guitar on stage. There are several microphones on stage and another person playing guitar behind him. (16)
A man is playing electric guitar. There is a red curtain behind him. (17)
A horse is jumping over an obstacle. There are houses in the background. (18)
A person is riding a horse as it jumps. There is green grass and houses in the background. (19)
A man is playing violin in a band on stage. Another man on stage is playing guitar. (20)
Two men are playing instruments on a stage. One has a violin the other a guitar. (21)
One woman and one man are browsing the internet on an older-model computer. They appear to be in a computer lab in an older building. (22)
There are people using the computers. There is map on an easle. (23)
An old man is riding a bicycle. He is on the street and there are shrubs in the background. (24)
A man rides a bicycle on the road. He has groceries in the back. (25)
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background. (26)
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background. (27)
A man is riding a bicycle down an alley. A large dirty brick building with several windows is in the background. (28)
Man riding motor bike through alley. Red sign up above him. (29)
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city. (30)
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance. (31)
A toddler is looking at a book. There are bright blue cushions. (32)
A little boy is reading a book. There are cushions around him and a wooden chair behind him. (33)
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man. (34)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window. (35)
There is a photographer laying in grass taking a picture. There is smoke and a mountain in the background. (36)
A person is taking a picture with a camera. There is a mountain in the background. (37)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing sandals. (38)
A man is reading. There is a building behind him. (39)
A man is riding a horse. There are stairs and bushes in the background. (40)
A man dressed in a very special uniform on a beautiful horse. A very steep hill with lovely landscaping and a pretty black staircase with railing going up the hill. (41)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (42)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (43)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (44)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (45)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (46)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (47)
There is a man on a cellphone in his car. It is too dark to see through the windows of the car. (48)
A young man is talking on his cell phone. He is driving in his car and wearing a grey long sleeved shirt. (49)
Someone talks on a telephone inside a red telephone booth. There are people walking down the sidewalk in the background. (50)
Someone talks on a telephone inside a red telephone booth. There are people walking down the sidewalk in the background. (51)
A woman is standing in a telephone booth. There is a tree without leaves behind her. (52)
A woman is standing in a telephone booth. There is a tree without leaves behind her. (53)
There is a woman in a red telephone booth. The wall beside it is white, blue, and red. (54)
There is a woman in a red telephone booth. The wall beside it is white, blue, and red. (55)
A woman is trotting along on a horse. she is in an open area with other horse back riders. (56)
A lady with a red shirt riding a horse. There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding. (57)
A man is walking towards a bridge. He is in a vast green feild with trees near a bridge. (58)
A man is walking towards a bridge. He is in a vast green feild with trees near a bridge. (59)
A man in a yellow sweater is walking away from the camera. It is a nice day out, and the lawn is well-manicured. (60)
A man in a yellow sweater is walking away from the camera. It is a nice day out, and the lawn is well-manicured. (61)
A young man is walking across grass toward a footbridge. Each side of the bridge is lined with thick green trees. (62)
A young man is walking across grass toward a footbridge. Each side of the bridge is lined with thick green trees. (63)
There is a man with his hands up jumping in the air. There are clouds, water, and people in the background. (64)
A man is jumping in the air. The sky is cloudy and blue. (65)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a grey sweatshirt. (66)
A man is on a telephone. There is a glimpse of a window behind him. (67)
