In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door.
There is a white screen in the background.
There's a mirror on the wall.
He is in a parking lot with cars surrounding him and there are buildings behind the parking lot.
There is a newspaper on the bed.
There is a guitar beside him.
There is a guitar next to him on the ground.
There is a jumping barrier and trees in the background.
She is wearing a pink top.
A type of office waiting room with lovely plants and blinds on the windows.
A large plant is beside him.
The background is a motion blur of grass, trees, and a few people.
They are on a beach during the day.
There is a very cluttered desk, one that is fairly clean and a multiple colored wall of blue, yellow and white.
In the background there is a woman and printer and a blue, yellow, and white wall.
There are pens on the desk.
The computer on a desk in a house.
There are several other males in the background as well as several light up signs above them.
He is sitting on a leather seat and there is a white brick wall behind him.
The woman is taking a picture of something.
There's another person with a red shirt.
There is a bookshelf and drawers to his side.
The ground is made of red bricks.
The floor is a red tile pattern.
There are houses in the background.
Another man is standing holding a drink.
There are trees in the background.
Another man is wearing cleats.
People standing behind a barricade watching the bikers passing by, waiting to see who wins.
There are spectators watching him and a policeman riding a motorcycle behind him.
There is a door in the background.
They are in a white brick room and there are windows in the back corner.
A bar-like atmosphere with tables, lights on the windows, and a TV playing in the corner.
There are other people in the background and a tv behind him.
There is another individual in the background doing the same and shelves in the back.
2 red chairs and a man working at a computer is in the background.
One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks.
There is a white chair beside him.
To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes.
A shelf and changing table are in the background.
There are trees and street signs around them.
There is a bald man standing beside him.
Next to him on the left is a bald man with a beard in a brown jacket and behind them is a large wooden cabinet.
There is a sidewalk and some vegetation in the background.
The road is salmon colored.
He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background.
There is a huge reflective ball in the background.
There is a fence off to the left, another in the background, long grasses, and some forested areas.
They are riding on the beach.
He is in a room with a chandelier in it.
There is a dark room with a sliding glass door and a chandelier behind him.
There are waves and a sunset in front of them.
The building is tall and appears to be historic.
A man and a woman sit on a blanket in the background.
Several buildings and store fronts, 4 bystanders, and a person riding a bike are in the background.
He is using the mouse of the computer.
There is a light fixture in the background.
She is wearing a blue safety helmet and boots.
Barren trees in a fall setting are in the background, with one evergreen tree.
There are lots of trees in the background.
There are recreational vehicles in the background parked near trees.
There are some buildings in the background.
There is lots of empty space with some buildings far away.
Dirt surrounds them.
He is wearing a helmet.
His hand is on the mouse, and he is sitting on a wooden chair.
While a younger gentleman is speaking on an microphone, at what seems to be a type of outdoor function.
The name in the navy shirt and khaki pants is holding a microphone in front of the marathon sign.
She is standing on a brick road.
A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background.
They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them.
There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench.
There are other children in the pool as well.
The sky is clear and blue.
A store display is in the background.
Both men are wearing jackets.
She is wearing a pink shirt.
There are lots of trees in the background.
There is greenery next to her.
He is wearing a jacket.
He is wearing a cowboy hat.
There is a brick wall in the background.
He is wearing brown shoes.
Parked vehicles line both sides of the street behind her.
He is wearing swimming trunks.
The water is calm aside from some small ripples.
He is wearing swim trunks that are gray and have a flower design.
There are people walking down the sidewalk in the background.
she is in an open area with other horse back riders.
The person not playing is wearing jeans.
He is walking in front of a white wall.
He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance.
It's too cold to go in willingly.
There is cold looking sand and water.
The man is looking at his camera.
He is wearing a pair of glasses.
There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses.
You see two more men behind him cheering.
There is a bookshelf and several storage boxes along the wall in the background.
The waves crash in the ocean under a blue sky and a few puffy clouds.
The sky is cloudy and blue.

