Man typing on computer. There are computers on counter next to him. (0)
A person is riding a scooter with a helmet on. A white building, and brown roofing are in the background. (1)
A man is on a scooter that is carrying blue cases. There is a building and trees in the background. (2)
There are two girls facing each other laughing, one girl is on the telephone. There is a television and a mirror hanging on the wall behind them. (3)
People are riding horses on a trail. Trees and grass are in the background. (4)
A man takes a photo of his shoes. He is in a parking lot. (5)
There are several people taking pictures. They are in a ornately decorated room. (6)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (7)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (8)
A woman is riding a horse. There is a yellow jump bar and trees in the background. (9)
There is a girl riding horseback. She is on a sandy area with lots of green foliage and a gate in the background. (10)
There is a women jogging. She is next to a wall with vegetation growing on the ground. (11)
A woman is jogging. She is next to a building with plants growing at its base. (12)
There is a large plant in side of a room. A man is in the background playing the guitar. (13)
There is a man in a red track outfit running. There is a grass field and a crowd of people in the background. (14)
A man wearing red shorts and a tank is running. People and trees are in the background. (15)
There is a teenage boy on the phone in an office. There is girl in the background, the walls are blue, yellow, and white with blue paint splatter. (16)
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background. (17)
People are running a marathon. Snow and trees without leaves are in the background. (18)
A man and a woman are running in a race. Snow, other runners and a barren forest are in the backround. (19)
Two people running a race. It is winter. (20)
A man is taking a picture. A man with a drink and two men in red shirts are in the background. (21)
A man is taking a picture. There are other guys in the background. (22)
There are three women walking down a street. There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background. (23)
A man in a green and white sweater is taking a photograph. He has brown hair and is wearing a watch. (24)
A man wearing a watch and a green shirt is getting ready to take a picture with his camera. Behind him is a a white concrete wall and attached to the wall is a wooden frame. (25)
These are two people sitting at a table underneath a canopy. One of them is taking a picture and there are several electronics on the table. (26)
A man is reading a book on a bed. There is a baby on the bed with him and a bookshelf to the left. (27)
A man is lying on the bed with a baby. There is a book shelf beside the bed. (28)
A woman is walking her dog. She has a red leash. (29)
A person is riding a horse as it jumps. There is green grass and houses in the background. (30)
There is a man drinking a beverage and a man using a payphone. In the background there is a large truck with its lights on. (31)
People are running a marathon. They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background. (32)
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk. (33)
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle. (34)
Two black boys are running down the sidewalk. There are buildings along the street. (35)
A small boy in playing in the grass. There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him. (36)
People are walking across a field. There are palm trees in the background. (37)
A baby is sitting in a chair reading a book. There is a wooden shelf on the left and some more books in the background. (38)
Two young women are sitting on the floor reading a book to a baby girl. There is a couch and chair and a window in the background. (39)
A woman is riding a bicycle and smiling. There are large pillars in the background and another male biker. (40)
A girl is riding her bike. There is a man in the background riding his bike. (41)
People are walking through an an alley. It's covered with trees. (42)
Two children and a woman are sitting on a couch. A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background. (43)
A person is looking at a book with a child. A blue plate and a brown box are in the backround. (44)
A woman is reading a child a book. She is sitting down and he is standing up. (45)
A person standing on a large balcony looking at a very large sphere. A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around. (46)
A person holding a large booking overlooking the top. A large book in a dark room with a ceiling light in the background. (47)
A woman is sitting at her computer with her headphones on. Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background. (48)
Young girl getting ready for school. Online schooling; you can even do it wrapped in a towel. (49)
A man is photographing the old building. The skies are blue without a cloud to be seen. (50)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a tree in the background. (51)
The boy on the phone sits along the wall. The gray wall meets the gray rug. (52)
A young man is talking on the phone. He is seated on red carpet leaning against a greenish grey wall. (53)
A person is riding a motorbike. They are wearing a helmet. (54)
A man is driving on a moped. There is a large house in the background with flagposts. (55)
A man is sitting at a computer. There's a coat rack in the background. (56)
There is a man and to women posing for a photo. Behind them the room s dark and there are a few wall lamps. (57)
A little girl is playing with a toy train. The floor is tiled beneath her. (58)
A person is riding a horse. There is a railing in the background and a green tree. (59)
There is a girl on a white horse. Behind her is a black fence and green trees. (60)
Three people are playing a piano together. There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano. (61)
There is a woman riding on a horse. There are trees in the backgroun. (62)
A man in a strange mask is holding a chicken up to his face. There is a woman and a girl watching him. (63)
A man is holding a chicken in his hands. There are lots of trees in the background. (64)
A man on a motocross bike reaches the top of a small dirt hill. People stand in the background watching the event. (65)
A child is using a computer. There is a desk full of stuff, an orange drink and a small box. (66)
A woman in red pants and a white blouse takes a picture with her camera. The sidewalk is made from various bricks in a unique design. (67)
Two men playing air guitar. They are inside and thee is a door behind them. (68)
There is a little kid jumping into a swimming pool while a woman tries to catch them. There are people and chairs in the background. (69)
A male hiker climbs over ruts on a hill. Snow-covered hills, a forest, and a body of water are in the background. (70)
There is a man on a phone. There are posters and a store window in the background. (71)
The man with red hair and glasses is on the phone. He is standing in front of the store window. (72)
The bonfire is burning hot. The boys are having some fun next to it. (73)
A man is jumping over a camp fire. He is wearing blue jeans. (74)
A man is in deep thought. He is in an Internet cafe. (75)
A little girl is jumping into the air. There are clouds behind her. (76)
A young man in a cowboy hat and t shirt is talking on a pay phone. It is surrounded with gray brick. (77)
There is a man in a costume playing a violin and standing in front of a building. The building behind him is white, brown, and green and there is a person standing off to his side. (78)
A man is playing an instrument. There are leaves on the ground. (79)
A woman is standing in a telephone booth. There is a tree without leaves behind her. (80)
There is a woman in a red telephone booth. The wall beside it is white, blue, and red. (81)
A male in Santa hat shuffles a deck of cards. A cabinet is in background. (82)
There is a man wearing a Santa hat and playing the card game Uno. There are no lights on and it seems to be dark. (83)
A lady with a red shirt riding a horse. There are two horses infront of the horse that she is riding. (84)
A man is taking photos of people. There is a narrow street with old buildings in the background. (85)
A crowd of people walks down a street. There are tall buildings with windows on either side of them. (86)
The lady reads the happily reads a recipe. At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently. (87)
A young man is talking on a phone by an open window. There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls. (88)
There is a person playing on a keyboard. You only see their fingers in the picture. (89)
A little boy is looking at a book. There is a white wall behind him. (90)
There is a little kid reading a book. There is a white wall behind him. (91)
A little boy wearing a blue jacket is seated at a table. He is concentrating on the pages of a book in front of him. (92)
A man in a business suit talks on the cellphone. The wall behind him is a metal grate that looks like large venetian blinds. (93)
A man is walking in front of a white paneled building. He is talking on a mobile phone. (94)
Four youth musicians are playing cellos. A storefront window is behind them, with a trombone in the window, and there is an empty table with two pink chairs next to them. (95)
A girl is playing a musical instrument. There are lots of windows in the background. (96)
A person is jumping outside. There are some trees in the background. (97)
A man is jumping into the water. There are trees behind him. (98)
A woman is walking outside. There are trees in the background. (99)
 (100)
