A man is on a scooter that is carrying blue cases. There is a building and trees in the background. (0)
A person is riding a scooter with a helmet on. A white building, and brown roofing are in the background. (1)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (2)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (3)
There is a girl riding horseback. She is on a sandy area with lots of green foliage and a gate in the background. (4)
A woman is riding a horse. There is a yellow jump bar and trees in the background. (5)
A woman is jogging. She is next to a building with plants growing at its base. (6)
There is a women jogging. She is next to a wall with vegetation growing on the ground. (7)
A man wearing red shorts and a tank is running. People and trees are in the background. (8)
There is a man in a red track outfit running. There is a grass field and a crowd of people in the background. (9)
A man and a woman are running in a race. Snow, other runners and a barren forest are in the backround. (10)
Two people running a race. It is winter. (11)
People are running a marathon. Snow and trees without leaves are in the background. (12)
Two people running a race. It is winter. (13)
People are running a marathon. Snow and trees without leaves are in the background. (14)
A man and a woman are running in a race. Snow, other runners and a barren forest are in the backround. (15)
A man is taking a picture. There are other guys in the background. (16)
A man is taking a picture. A man with a drink and two men in red shirts are in the background. (17)
A man wearing a watch and a green shirt is getting ready to take a picture with his camera. Behind him is a a white concrete wall and attached to the wall is a wooden frame. (18)
A man in a green and white sweater is taking a photograph. He has brown hair and is wearing a watch. (19)
A man is lying on the bed with a baby. There is a book shelf beside the bed. (20)
A man is reading a book on a bed. There is a baby on the bed with him and a bookshelf to the left. (21)
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle. (22)
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk. (23)
A girl is riding her bike. There is a man in the background riding his bike. (24)
A woman is riding a bicycle and smiling. There are large pillars in the background and another male biker. (25)
A woman is reading a child a book. She is sitting down and he is standing up. (26)
A person is looking at a book with a child. A blue plate and a brown box are in the backround. (27)
Young girl getting ready for school. Online schooling; you can even do it wrapped in a towel. (28)
A woman is sitting at her computer with her headphones on. Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background. (29)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a tree in the background. (30)
A man is photographing the old building. The skies are blue without a cloud to be seen. (31)
A young man is talking on the phone. He is seated on red carpet leaning against a greenish grey wall. (32)
The boy on the phone sits along the wall. The gray wall meets the gray rug. (33)
A man is driving on a moped. There is a large house in the background with flagposts. (34)
A person is riding a motorbike. They are wearing a helmet. (35)
There is a girl on a white horse. Behind her is a black fence and green trees. (36)
A person is riding a horse. There is a railing in the background and a green tree. (37)
A man is holding a chicken in his hands. There are lots of trees in the background. (38)
A man in a strange mask is holding a chicken up to his face. There is a woman and a girl watching him. (39)
The man with red hair and glasses is on the phone. He is standing in front of the store window. (40)
There is a man on a phone. There are posters and a store window in the background. (41)
A man is jumping over a camp fire. He is wearing blue jeans. (42)
The bonfire is burning hot. The boys are having some fun next to it. (43)
A man is playing an instrument. There are leaves on the ground. (44)
There is a man in a costume playing a violin and standing in front of a building. The building behind him is white, brown, and green and there is a person standing off to his side. (45)
There is a woman in a red telephone booth. The wall beside it is white, blue, and red. (46)
A woman is standing in a telephone booth. There is a tree without leaves behind her. (47)
There is a man wearing a Santa hat and playing the card game Uno. There are no lights on and it seems to be dark. (48)
A male in Santa hat shuffles a deck of cards. A cabinet is in background. (49)
A crowd of people walks down a street. There are tall buildings with windows on either side of them. (50)
A man is taking photos of people. There is a narrow street with old buildings in the background. (51)
There is a little kid reading a book. There is a white wall behind him. (52)
A little boy wearing a blue jacket is seated at a table. He is concentrating on the pages of a book in front of him. (53)
A little boy is looking at a book. There is a white wall behind him. (54)
A little boy wearing a blue jacket is seated at a table. He is concentrating on the pages of a book in front of him. (55)
A little boy is looking at a book. There is a white wall behind him. (56)
There is a little kid reading a book. There is a white wall behind him. (57)
A man is walking in front of a white paneled building. He is talking on a mobile phone. (58)
A man in a business suit talks on the cellphone. The wall behind him is a metal grate that looks like large venetian blinds. (59)
A girl is playing a musical instrument. There are lots of windows in the background. (60)
Four youth musicians are playing cellos. A storefront window is behind them, with a trombone in the window, and there is an empty table with two pink chairs next to them. (61)
