A man is holding a baby while talking on the phone.
A couple of people are strolling along a decorative walkway.
Two people are walking on a walkway.
The man is looking through his camera.
A man is playing a cello.
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello.
There are several people taking pictures.
A father is walking his son.
A man and young boy are walking.
A small child is talking on the phone.
A little girl is talking on the phone.
There is a girl about to finish a race.
A woman is about to cross the finish line of a race.
A person running in some type of race and just ready to go through the finish line.
A man is reading a magazine.
A man is reading.
A young girl is using her laptop.
There is a man wearing bicycle racing attire riding a road bike.
A man who appears to be in his 20s or 30s is wearing spandex biking gear and is riding a bicycle.
A person is riding a horse.
A young man types on his laptop computer.
A guy is typing on his laptop.
There is a boy riding a horse.
A young woman is talking on a cell phone.
These are two people sitting at a table underneath a canopy.
People are sitting at an table located outside.
A person is walking on a dirt road.
A man is on his laptop.
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone.
A man and a women sit beside each other using a laptop.
A young girl is on her computer.
Young girl using a laptop.
This is a picture of someone on horseback.
People are running a marathon on a baseball field.
Some people are running around a track.
Two men are playing instruments.
A man is reading a book on a subway.
A boy is reading a book.
Three people are walking.
Two people are riding their bikes down a hill.
Two bicycle riders coast down a hilly city street.
A man is playing polo.
There is a man riding a horse playing polo.
A man on a brown horse is playing polo.
A young girl is riding a bike.
A man is posing for a picture.
A young child is riding a small horse while one man guides the horse and another man watches.
A little boy walking in the grass.
A person is riding a bike down a path.
There is a man in a suit looking at a laptop.
There is a man talking on a cell phone, sitting on a rock in a field.
A male is sitting on a large rock.
A man is talking on his cell phone.
People using a computer to take a test or learn about something specific.
A girl is sitting on a horse.
Two girls pose for a picture, one of them is on a cell phone.
A man walks with his dog on the beach.
A man is sitting on a brick ledge and reading a magazine.
A man is sitting on a bench.
An equestrian rider is guiding a horse to jump over an obstacle.
A little girl is playing with a toy train.
A baby is playing with a toy.
A man is taking a picture with a camera.
A man jumps across the water to reach the other sand mound.
A child is reading the back of a box.
There is a group of people standing in front of a beautiful building.
People are walking about in a court yard.
A man is reading.
A person is riding a brown horse.
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars.
A woman wearing a yellow sleeveless shirt reads a birthday card to a little girl.
A little girl is riding a pony.
A woman is video conferencing with another woman.
A horse is jumping over bars.
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles.
The boy is jumping off rocks into the water.
The man in the white shirt is painting the boat gray.
A person wearing white is using a roll brush on a flat object.
A man is playing a musical instrument.
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game.
A boy is reading with his feet in the sand.
A bride and groom walking down the aisle covered with flower pedals.
There is a blurred image of a man playing guitar.
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets.
A man is running with his bike.
There is man holding a light sabre while another person is jumping over it.
A boy in a red short jumps.
A young man is talking on a phone by an open window.
There is a person playing on a keyboard.
A man making a speak at a podium.
A man stands in a telephone booth talking on the telephone.
Two people pose for a picture in front of a waterfall.
There are two men posing for a picture in a forest.
A man is posing for a picture.
A woman is running.
Two people are seated and using laptops.
A boy is playing a wind instrument.
A person is riding a bicycle.
A boy standing with a grin on his face, wearing a grey sweatshirt and holding a book in his hand.
A young boy wearing a uniform plays a horn.
The youngster is playing the trumpet.

