There is a kitchen behind him with brown wooden cabinetry.
Large expanses of green grass, square bushes and a large building are in the background.
In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door.
He is standing in the grass with trees behind him.
There is lots of shrubbery behind him.
He is standing in a grassy area and there are bushes and trees in the background.
Trees and grass are in the background.
He is in a parking lot.
There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass.
There are a few windows with some sort of drapes in the background.
She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed.
There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background.
There are trees and a sidewalk.
There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background.
The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains.
They are on a beach during the day.
He is outdoors on a sunny da.
Another woman is kissing her on the cheek.
She is on her cellular phone.
It is a bright and sunny day and there is a lot of vegetation in the background.
They have on a straw hat and trees are in the background.
There is a whiteboard beside him on the wall and a plate and drink in front of the laptop on the wooden table.
There is a small plastic dresser and a bed in the room.
There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them.
There is mountain or volcano in the background.
To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano.
There are venetian blinds hanging at the windows.
They are riding the bus.
Beautiful green fields with trees and brush along a dirt road.
Another guy in a white shirt is walking with them by a pond.
There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background.
There are stands in the background with some seated spectators.
Spectators are watching.
There are houses in the background.
There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall.
They are in a horse stall with two other people.
There is an older man behind him.
One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks.
There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him.
There is grass and trees in the background.
To the right of him is a patch of sand and in front of him are some buildings with a lot of people walking alongside them.
He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops.
There are palm trees in the background.
There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background.
There is another runner behind him.
They are indoors in a well light room.
He has glasses on top of his head.
There is a large building with a garage door behind him.
Behind him is a gray stone building.
The horse is brown.
An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving.
Behind him are some potted plants and various crosses.
They have numbers attached to the front of their clothes.
There are spectators and trees in the background.
There are tress behind her.
There is a gate, and some cars in the background.
Toys surround the toddler, some of which are green and orange.
There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man.
In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it.
There is grass underneath them.
They are working on a craft.
He is on stage in front of a large crowd.
He is performing on a stage in front of an audience.
She is wearing a pink shirt.
There is a grey fence in the background surrounded by trees.
There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind.
There is a tiled floor beneath her.
There is a huge building next to them.
There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench.
He is wearing sandals.
There is a horse stable behind him.
She is sitting down in a wooden chair.
The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left.
She is wearing sunglasses.
Another person looks on.
A jagged brown rock face is in the background.
The sky is cloudy in the background.
There are several others playing instruments and a girl sleeping on a couch in the background.
In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score.
Another member of his team can be seen running behind him.
In the background is sand and a shoreline.
He is wearing yellow shorts.
She is wearing a white dress.
A stage with a band playing instruments, the lighting is apparent red,.
A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him.
There is a brown bookshelf and a barstool in the background.
There is a drawing of a cow in the book.
Her hand is on the cow with pink ears.
The person not playing is wearing jeans.
He is wearing a hat and a sweater.
There is cold looking sand and water.
A woman wearing a pink shirt is running down the street behind the bin.
There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses.
You see two more men behind him cheering.
Behind each of their heads someone is making a peace sign.
He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him.
There is a striped wall behind him.
Water surrounds him.
He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue.
He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book.

