A man is holding a baby while talking on the phone. A kitchen counter and cabinets are in the background. (0)
A couple of people are strolling along a decorative walkway. There is a long line of trees in the background. (1)
Two people are walking on a walkway. There is a neat row of trees behind them. (2)
The man is looking through his camera. He is in a parking lot with cars surrounding him and there are buildings behind the parking lot. (3)
A man is playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it. (4)
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background. (5)
There are several people taking pictures. They are in a ornately decorated room. (6)
A father is walking his son. There is a beige wall and another man behind him. (7)
A man and young boy are walking. The floor is very shiney. (8)
A small child is talking on the phone. A portrait is behind him. (9)
A little girl is talking on the phone. She is in her living room with a picture on the wall behind her. (10)
There is a girl about to finish a race. There is a yellow van with the doors open on the side. (11)
A woman is about to cross the finish line of a race. A van, buidlings, and other people are in the background. (12)
A person running in some type of race and just ready to go through the finish line. A street with houses and apartments and a yellow van sitting on the side of the building. (13)
A man is reading a magazine. He is sitting cross legged and there are sheer tan curtains on the window behind him. (14)
A man is reading. He has a shawl around one shoulder. (15)
A young girl is using her laptop. She is in a hotel room. (16)
There is a man wearing bicycle racing attire riding a road bike. He is on an asphalt road with several trees, bushes and a fence in the background. (17)
A man who appears to be in his 20s or 30s is wearing spandex biking gear and is riding a bicycle. He is riding on a road with a fence and trees in the background. (18)
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a purple helmet. (19)
A young man types on his laptop computer. There are pens on the desk. (20)
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background. (21)
There is a boy riding a horse. There are green trees and a dirt road in the background. (22)
A young woman is talking on a cell phone. A woman next to her to about to give her a kiss on the cheek. (23)
These are two people sitting at a table underneath a canopy. One of them is taking a picture and there are several electronics on the table. (24)
People are sitting at an table located outside. The woman is taking a picture of something. (25)
A person is walking on a dirt road. There are trees and shrubs in the back ground. (26)
A man is on his laptop. There is a can of soda on the table and a whiteboard in the background. (27)
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone. There is an orange wall and a white door behind them. (28)
A man and a women sit beside each other using a laptop. There are wooden shelves with books on them behind them. (29)
A young girl is on her computer. There is an object in front of her. (30)
Young girl using a laptop. There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her. (31)
This is a picture of someone on horseback. They are positioned on the beach with the forest off to the left and a body of water in front of them to the right. (32)
People are running a marathon on a baseball field. The stands and billboards are in the background. (33)
Some people are running around a track. Some of them have numbers on their chests and some don't. (34)
Two men are playing instruments. One is on the keyboard. (35)
A man is reading a book on a subway. There are several windows in the car. (36)
A boy is reading a book. There are brown seats and window around him. (37)
Three people are walking. There is a hotel in the background. (38)
Two people are riding their bikes down a hill. There are wires and telephone poles in the background. (39)
Two bicycle riders coast down a hilly city street. Power wires hang overhead. (40)
A man is playing polo. His horse is running. (41)
There is a man riding a horse playing polo. In the background you can see a green playing field. (42)
A man on a brown horse is playing polo. He is on a grass field that extends into the background. (43)
A young girl is riding a bike. Three houses, two vehicles, gray concrete and the street are in the background. (44)
A man is posing for a picture. There is a sign that says Tequila in the background. (45)
A young child is riding a small horse while one man guides the horse and another man watches. They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables. (46)
A little boy walking in the grass. There is a white chair beside him. (47)
A person is riding a bike down a path. Sand, a storefront with a red awning, and throngs of people are in the background. (48)
There is a man in a suit looking at a laptop. The man is sitting on a red and yellow couch and there is a picture on the wall behind him. (49)
There is a man talking on a cell phone, sitting on a rock in a field. There is a sunset and a small hill on the background. (50)
A male is sitting on a large rock. The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon. (51)
A man is talking on his cell phone. There is a beautiful sunset in the background. (52)
People using a computer to take a test or learn about something specific. A classroom with desks and computer used for testing and many other tasks. (53)
A girl is sitting on a horse. There are huts and palm trees in the background. (54)
Two girls pose for a picture, one of them is on a cell phone. There is a white wall and a window with closed venetian blinds behind them. (55)
A man walks with his dog on the beach. There are waves and a sunset in front of them. (56)
A man is sitting on a brick ledge and reading a magazine. There is a small building and several potted plants in the background. (57)
A man is sitting on a bench. A cemetery is in the background. (58)
An equestrian rider is guiding a horse to jump over an obstacle. Cars, tents and a yellow flag on a pole can be seen in the background. (59)
A little girl is playing with a toy train. The floor is tiled beneath her. (60)
A baby is playing with a toy. The baby is sitting in a walker. (61)
A man is taking a picture with a camera. There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window. (62)
A man jumps across the water to reach the other sand mound. Rocks and buildings are in the background. (63)
A child is reading the back of a box. She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it. (64)
There is a group of people standing in front of a beautiful building. The sky is blue. (65)
People are walking about in a court yard. They are in front of a very old castle type building. (66)
A man is reading. There is a building behind him. (67)
A person is riding a brown horse. They are wearing blue jeans. (68)
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars. A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look. (69)
A woman wearing a yellow sleeveless shirt reads a birthday card to a little girl. A wall with white siding is in the background. (70)
A little girl is riding a pony. A boy looks on. (71)
A woman is video conferencing with another woman. There is a monitor and video camera in the background. (72)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (73)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (74)
The boy is jumping off rocks into the water. He is holding his nose in anticipation of the landing. (75)
The man in the white shirt is painting the boat gray. He is kneeling on scaffolding and hanging onto the boat with one hand. (76)
A person wearing white is using a roll brush on a flat object. In the background is a cloudy blue sky and metal railings. (77)
A man is playing a musical instrument. He is wearing athletic shoes. (78)
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans. (79)
A boy is reading with his feet in the sand. There is a beach in front him. (80)
A bride and groom walking down the aisle covered with flower pedals. This is an outside wedding with trees in the background. (81)
There is a blurred image of a man playing guitar. The background is dark and blurry. (82)
Two men with bicycles they have on helmets. There are spectators leaning on the fence. (83)
A man is running with his bike. A crowd looks on. (84)
There is man holding a light sabre while another person is jumping over it. There is table and a shelf in the background. (85)
A boy in a red short jumps. There is a window and a table in the background. (86)
A young man is talking on a phone by an open window. There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls. (87)
There is a person playing on a keyboard. You only see their fingers in the picture. (88)
A man making a speak at a podium. He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone. (89)
A man stands in a telephone booth talking on the telephone. The booth has glass on either sides. (90)
Two people pose for a picture in front of a waterfall. There are also rocks and lots of vegetation behind them. (91)
There are two men posing for a picture in a forest. There is a river fall and trees in the background. (92)
A man is posing for a picture. There are plants in the background. (93)
A woman is running. There is a garbage can beside her. (94)
Two people are seated and using laptops. There is a bookshelf and several storage boxes along the wall in the background. (95)
A boy is playing a wind instrument. There is a microphone in front of him. (96)
A person is riding a bicycle. There is a body of water in the background. (97)
A boy standing with a grin on his face, wearing a grey sweatshirt and holding a book in his hand.  A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall. (98)
A young boy wearing a uniform plays a horn. Other children in the same uniform plays instruments in the background. (99)
The youngster is playing the trumpet. He is with his band and wearing his yellow hat and blue uniform. (100)
 (101)
