A kitchen counter and cabinets are in the background.
There is a long line of trees in the background.
There is a neat row of trees behind them.
He is in a parking lot with cars surrounding him and there are buildings behind the parking lot.
There is a stand with sheet music on it.
There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background.
They are in a ornately decorated room.
There is a beige wall and another man behind him.
The floor is very shiney.
A portrait is behind him.
She is in her living room with a picture on the wall behind her.
There is a yellow van with the doors open on the side.
A van, buidlings, and other people are in the background.
A street with houses and apartments and a yellow van sitting on the side of the building.
He is sitting cross legged and there are sheer tan curtains on the window behind him.
He has a shawl around one shoulder.
She is in a hotel room.
He is on an asphalt road with several trees, bushes and a fence in the background.
He is riding on a road with a fence and trees in the background.
They are wearing a purple helmet.
There are pens on the desk.
His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background.
There are green trees and a dirt road in the background.
A woman next to her to about to give her a kiss on the cheek.
One of them is taking a picture and there are several electronics on the table.
The woman is taking a picture of something.
There are trees and shrubs in the back ground.
There is a can of soda on the table and a whiteboard in the background.
There is an orange wall and a white door behind them.
There are wooden shelves with books on them behind them.
There is an object in front of her.
There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her.
They are positioned on the beach with the forest off to the left and a body of water in front of them to the right.
The stands and billboards are in the background.
Some of them have numbers on their chests and some don't.
One is on the keyboard.
There are several windows in the car.
There are brown seats and window around him.
There is a hotel in the background.
There are wires and telephone poles in the background.
Power wires hang overhead.
His horse is running.
In the background you can see a green playing field.
He is on a grass field that extends into the background.
Three houses, two vehicles, gray concrete and the street are in the background.
There is a sign that says Tequila in the background.
They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables.
There is a white chair beside him.
Sand, a storefront with a red awning, and throngs of people are in the background.
The man is sitting on a red and yellow couch and there is a picture on the wall behind him.
There is a sunset and a small hill on the background.
The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon.
There is a beautiful sunset in the background.
A classroom with desks and computer used for testing and many other tasks.
There are huts and palm trees in the background.
There is a white wall and a window with closed venetian blinds behind them.
There are waves and a sunset in front of them.
There is a small building and several potted plants in the background.
A cemetery is in the background.
Cars, tents and a yellow flag on a pole can be seen in the background.
The floor is tiled beneath her.
The baby is sitting in a walker.
There is a sign on the wall in the background and a bright window.
Rocks and buildings are in the background.
She is kneeling next to a shielf with some games and other things on it.
The sky is blue.
They are in front of a very old castle type building.
There is a building behind him.
They are wearing blue jeans.
A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look.
A wall with white siding is in the background.
A boy looks on.
There is a monitor and video camera in the background.
There is a dark brick wall in the background.
In the background is a large brick wall and several people.
He is holding his nose in anticipation of the landing.
He is kneeling on scaffolding and hanging onto the boat with one hand.
In the background is a cloudy blue sky and metal railings.
He is wearing athletic shoes.
A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans.
There is a beach in front him.
This is an outside wedding with trees in the background.
The background is dark and blurry.
There are spectators leaning on the fence.
A crowd looks on.
There is table and a shelf in the background.
There is a window and a table in the background.
There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls.
You only see their fingers in the picture.
He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone.
The booth has glass on either sides.
There are also rocks and lots of vegetation behind them.
There is a river fall and trees in the background.
There are plants in the background.
There is a garbage can beside her.
There is a bookshelf and several storage boxes along the wall in the background.
There is a microphone in front of him.
There is a body of water in the background.
 A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall.
Other children in the same uniform plays instruments in the background.
He is with his band and wearing his yellow hat and blue uniform.

