There is a man holding a baby and talking on a cellphone. There is a kitchen behind him with brown wooden cabinetry. (0)
Two people are walking down a sidewalk. Large expanses of green grass, square bushes and a large building are in the background. (1)
Three women are taking photographs. In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door. (2)
A man is playing an instrument. He is standing in the grass with trees behind him. (3)
A guy in dress clothes is playing the trumpet. There is lots of shrubbery behind him. (4)
There is a man in a white shirt and tie playing a trumpet. He is standing in a grassy area and there are bushes and trees in the background. (5)
People are riding horses on a trail. Trees and grass are in the background. (6)
A man takes a photo of his shoes. He is in a parking lot. (7)
A man is playing a cello. There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass. (8)
There is a man reading a magazine. There are a few windows with some sort of drapes in the background. (9)
A girl is on her laptop. She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed. (10)
There is a girl sitting on a bed with a laptop on her lap. There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background. (11)
A smiling cyclist is riding along. There are trees and a sidewalk. (12)
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background. (13)
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field. The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains. (14)
There is a man and women both on horses. They are on a beach during the day. (15)
There is a boy on a horse. He is outdoors on a sunny da. (16)
A woman is talking on her cell phone. Another woman is kissing her on the cheek. (17)
A woman getting a kiss on the cheek. She is on her cellular phone. (18)
There is a person walking along a dirt path. It is a bright and sunny day and there is a lot of vegetation in the background. (19)
A person is walking down a gravel path facing forward. They have on a straw hat and trees are in the background. (20)
There is a man facing away from the camera looking at a laptop. There is a whiteboard beside him on the wall and a plate and drink in front of the laptop on the wooden table. (21)
There is a man and women on a laptop. There is a small plastic dresser and a bed in the room. (22)
There is a woman riding on dirt trail atop a brown horse looking back at the camera. There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them. (23)
A person is sitting on a horse. There is mountain or volcano in the background. (24)
A person in a tank top and shorts is riding a dark colored horse on a sandy beach. To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano. (25)
A keyboard player and a pipe blower are making some music. There are venetian blinds hanging at the windows. (26)
A person is reading. They are riding the bus. (27)
Three people walking down a dirt road carrying bags. Beautiful green fields with trees and brush along a dirt road. (28)
A man is holding his girl's hand while they walk. Another guy in a white shirt is walking with them by a pond. (29)
A child is riding a horse. There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background. (30)
A jockey is riding a brown horse in a dirt circuit. There are stands in the background with some seated spectators. (31)
A person is competing with their horse. Spectators are watching. (32)
A young girl is riding her bicycle. There are houses in the background. (33)
A girl is taking a picture of a guy. There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall. (34)
A boy is sitting on a pony. They are in a horse stall with two other people. (35)
There is a boy on a brown pony. There is an older man behind him. (36)
There are 3 people on the beach. One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks. (37)
A small boy in playing in the grass. There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him. (38)
There are two people with on taking a picture of the other. There is grass and trees in the background. (39)
There is a person in blue jeans riding a bicycle on a road. To the right of him is a patch of sand and in front of him are some buildings with a lot of people walking alongside them. (40)
This is a picture of a man riding a bike. He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops. (41)
People are walking across a field. There are palm trees in the background. (42)
A man in a tan tuxedo is on an apple laptop. There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background. (43)
A boy is running a race in the city. There is another runner behind him. (44)
There are several people on computers. They are indoors in a well light room. (45)
A man is talking on his cell phone. He has glasses on top of his head. (46)
A man talks on his cell phone. There is a large building with a garage door behind him. (47)
A man is holding a cellphone to his ear. Behind him is a gray stone building. (48)
A girl is sitting on a horse. The horse is brown. (49)
A woman in a straw hat, wearing a sleeveless black tank and jeans, is taking a picture with a camera that has a telephoto lens. An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving. (50)
There is a man sitting outside reading a newspaper in a cemetery like setting. Behind him are some potted plants and various crosses. (51)
People are running a race. They have numbers attached to the front of their clothes. (52)
3 people are running a race. There are spectators and trees in the background. (53)
A person is riding a horse. There are tress behind her. (54)
There is a Jockey riding a horse. There is a gate, and some cars in the background. (55)
A baby is looking intently at a colorful cloth book. Toys surround the toddler, some of which are green and orange. (56)
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man. (57)
There is a man taking a photo. In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it. (58)
Three girls are sitting down. There is grass underneath them. (59)
The girls are sitting in a circle. They are working on a craft. (60)
A man in a red shirt is playing a guitar. He is on stage in front of a large crowd. (61)
A man is jumping up and down while playing guitar. He is performing on a stage in front of an audience. (62)
A girl is adjusting the belt on the horse. She is wearing a pink shirt. (63)
A young girl is adjusting the bridle on a horse. There is a grey fence in the background surrounded by trees. (64)
A man on a bicycle, with a child on the back, has stopped to snap a photo. There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind. (65)
A little girl is reading. There is a tiled floor beneath her. (66)
Several people are standing around and walking. There is a huge building next to them. (67)
A man and a woman smoking cigarettes. There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench. (68)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing sandals. (69)
A man is sitting on a horse. There is a horse stable behind him. (70)
A girl is looking at a greeting card. She is sitting down in a wooden chair. (71)
A woman is reading a card to a child. The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left. (72)
A girl is riding a pony. She is wearing sunglasses. (73)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (74)
A peson is jumping into water. A jagged brown rock face is in the background. (75)
An older man with long hair paints gray primer onto a boat. The sky is cloudy in the background. (76)
A man is playing an accordion. There are several others playing instruments and a girl sleeping on a couch in the background. (77)
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score. (78)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (79)
There is a young boy on the beach reading a book. In the background is sand and a shoreline. (80)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing yellow shorts. (81)
A woman is holding a bouqet of flowers. She is wearing a white dress. (82)
A person dressed in red playing a guitar. A stage with a band playing instruments, the lighting is apparent red,. (83)
The biker wearing the red shirt is walking barefoot with his bike. A man in a blue shirt is walking behind him. (84)
A person is jumping up in the air. There is a brown bookshelf and a barstool in the background. (85)
A baby is looking at a book. There is a drawing of a cow in the book. (86)
The baby is looking at a book. Her hand is on the cow with pink ears. (87)
There is someone playing a piano with someone sitting next to them. The person not playing is wearing jeans. (88)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a hat and a sweater. (89)
A boy is walking on a beach. There is cold looking sand and water. (90)
A green trash bin is overstuffed and bags of trash are sitting near it. A woman wearing a pink shirt is running down the street behind the bin. (91)
A man has fallen off a motor scoot. There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses. (92)
A amn fell off his motor cycle. You see two more men behind him cheering. (93)
Two young men are standing close together, smiling, and one has his arm around the other. Behind each of their heads someone is making a peace sign. (94)
A man is playing the flute. He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him. (95)
A man is playing an instrument. There is a striped wall behind him. (96)
A man is riding a bike. Water surrounds him. (97)
A young bout is holidng up a math book. He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue. (98)
The kid in the great sweatshirt is happy. He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book. (99)
 (100)
