A guy in dress clothes is playing the trumpet. There is lots of shrubbery behind him. (0)
There is a man in a white shirt and tie playing a trumpet. He is standing in a grassy area and there are bushes and trees in the background. (1)
A man is playing an instrument. He is standing in the grass with trees behind him. (2)
There is a man in a white shirt and tie playing a trumpet. He is standing in a grassy area and there are bushes and trees in the background. (3)
A man is playing an instrument. He is standing in the grass with trees behind him. (4)
A guy in dress clothes is playing the trumpet. There is lots of shrubbery behind him. (5)
There is a girl sitting on a bed with a laptop on her lap. There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background. (6)
A girl is on her laptop. She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed. (7)
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field. The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains. (8)
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background. (9)
A woman getting a kiss on the cheek. She is on her cellular phone. (10)
A woman is talking on her cell phone. Another woman is kissing her on the cheek. (11)
A person is walking down a gravel path facing forward. They have on a straw hat and trees are in the background. (12)
There is a person walking along a dirt path. It is a bright and sunny day and there is a lot of vegetation in the background. (13)
A person in a tank top and shorts is riding a dark colored horse on a sandy beach. To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano. (14)
A person is sitting on a horse. There is mountain or volcano in the background. (15)
A jockey is riding a brown horse in a dirt circuit. There are stands in the background with some seated spectators. (16)
A person is competing with their horse. Spectators are watching. (17)
A child is riding a horse. There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background. (18)
A person is competing with their horse. Spectators are watching. (19)
A child is riding a horse. There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background. (20)
A jockey is riding a brown horse in a dirt circuit. There are stands in the background with some seated spectators. (21)
There is a boy on a brown pony and an older man behind him. They are in a barn with gray metal walls. (22)
A boy is sitting on a pony. They are in a horse stall with two other people. (23)
This is a picture of a man riding a bike. He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops. (24)
There is a person in blue jeans riding a bicycle on a road. To the right of him is a patch of sand and in front of him are some buildings with a lot of people walking alongside them. (25)
A man talks on his cell phone. There is a large building with a garage door behind him. (26)
A man is holding a cellphone to his ear. Behind him is a gray stone building. (27)
A man is talking on his cell phone. He has glasses on top of his head. (28)
A man is holding a cellphone to his ear. Behind him is a gray stone building. (29)
A man is talking on his cell phone. He has glasses on top of his head. (30)
A man talks on his cell phone. There is a large building with a garage door behind him. (31)
3 people are running a race. There are spectators and trees in the background. (32)
People are running a race. They have numbers attached to the front of their clothes. (33)
There is a Jockey riding a horse. There is a gate, and some cars in the background. (34)
A person is riding a horse. There are tress behind her. (35)
There is a man taking a photo. In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it. (36)
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man. (37)
The girls are sitting in a circle. They are working on a craft. (38)
Three girls are sitting down. There is grass underneath them. (39)
A man is jumping up and down while playing guitar. He is performing on a stage in front of an audience. (40)
A man in a red shirt is playing a guitar. He is on stage in front of a large crowd. (41)
A young girl is adjusting the bridle on a horse. There is a grey fence in the background surrounded by trees. (42)
A girl is adjusting the belt on the horse. She is wearing a pink shirt. (43)
A woman is reading a card to a child. The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left. (44)
A girl is looking at a greeting card. She is sitting down in a wooden chair. (45)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (46)
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score. (47)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing yellow shorts. (48)
There is a young boy on the beach reading a book. In the background is sand and a shoreline. (49)
The baby is looking at a book. Her hand is on the cow with pink ears. (50)
A baby is looking at a book. There is a drawing of a cow in the book. (51)
A amn fell off his motor cycle. You see two more men behind him cheering. (52)
A man has fallen off a motor scoot. There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses. (53)
A man is playing an instrument. There is a striped wall behind him. (54)
A man is playing the flute. He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him. (55)
The kid in the great sweatshirt is happy. He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book. (56)
A young bout is holidng up a math book. He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue. (57)
