A man is playing an instrument. He is standing in the grass with trees behind him. (0)
A man is playing an instrument. He is standing in the grass with trees behind him. (1)
A guy in dress clothes is playing the trumpet. There is lots of shrubbery behind him. (2)
A guy in dress clothes is playing the trumpet. There is lots of shrubbery behind him. (3)
There is a man in a white shirt and tie playing a trumpet. He is standing in a grassy area and there are bushes and trees in the background. (4)
There is a man in a white shirt and tie playing a trumpet. He is standing in a grassy area and there are bushes and trees in the background. (5)
A girl is on her laptop. She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed. (6)
There is a girl sitting on a bed with a laptop on her lap. There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background. (7)
There is a girl on a brown horse. There is green trees, grass, and a fence in the background. (8)
A woman is riding a horse in the middle of a field. The field appears to be surrounded by hills or mountains. (9)
A woman is talking on her cell phone. Another woman is kissing her on the cheek. (10)
A woman getting a kiss on the cheek. She is on her cellular phone. (11)
There is a person walking along a dirt path. It is a bright and sunny day and there is a lot of vegetation in the background. (12)
A person is walking down a gravel path facing forward. They have on a straw hat and trees are in the background. (13)
A person is sitting on a horse. There is mountain or volcano in the background. (14)
A person in a tank top and shorts is riding a dark colored horse on a sandy beach. To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano. (15)
A child is riding a horse. There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background. (16)
A child is riding a horse. There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background. (17)
A jockey is riding a brown horse in a dirt circuit. There are stands in the background with some seated spectators. (18)
A jockey is riding a brown horse in a dirt circuit. There are stands in the background with some seated spectators. (19)
A person is competing with their horse. Spectators are watching. (20)
A person is competing with their horse. Spectators are watching. (21)
A boy is sitting on a pony. They are in a horse stall with two other people. (22)
There is a boy on a brown pony and an older man behind him. They are in a barn with gray metal walls. (23)
There is a person in blue jeans riding a bicycle on a road. To the right of him is a patch of sand and in front of him are some buildings with a lot of people walking alongside them. (24)
This is a picture of a man riding a bike. He is riding on a sidewalk bordered by sand moving towards a crowded area with some shops. (25)
A man is talking on his cell phone. He has glasses on top of his head. (26)
A man is talking on his cell phone. He has glasses on top of his head. (27)
A man talks on his cell phone. There is a large building with a garage door behind him. (28)
A man talks on his cell phone. There is a large building with a garage door behind him. (29)
A man is holding a cellphone to his ear. Behind him is a gray stone building. (30)
A man is holding a cellphone to his ear. Behind him is a gray stone building. (31)
People are running a race. They have numbers attached to the front of their clothes. (32)
3 people are running a race. There are spectators and trees in the background. (33)
A person is riding a horse. There are tress behind her. (34)
There is a Jockey riding a horse. There is a gate, and some cars in the background. (35)
A man turned away from the camera, looking into another camera, squinting to take a picture. There is a flag with a fish in the background and a man. (36)
There is a man taking a photo. In front of him there is an orange and white banner with writing on it. (37)
Three girls are sitting down. There is grass underneath them. (38)
The girls are sitting in a circle. They are working on a craft. (39)
A man in a red shirt is playing a guitar. He is on stage in front of a large crowd. (40)
A man is jumping up and down while playing guitar. He is performing on a stage in front of an audience. (41)
A girl is adjusting the belt on the horse. She is wearing a pink shirt. (42)
A young girl is adjusting the bridle on a horse. There is a grey fence in the background surrounded by trees. (43)
A girl is looking at a greeting card. She is sitting down in a wooden chair. (44)
A woman is reading a card to a child. The background is vinyl siding of a house with a light beam traveling downwards from right to left. (45)
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score. (46)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (47)
There is a young boy on the beach reading a book. In the background is sand and a shoreline. (48)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing yellow shorts. (49)
A baby is looking at a book. There is a drawing of a cow in the book. (50)
The baby is looking at a book. Her hand is on the cow with pink ears. (51)
A man has fallen off a motor scoot. There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses. (52)
A amn fell off his motor cycle. You see two more men behind him cheering. (53)
A man is playing the flute. He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him. (54)
A man is playing an instrument. There is a striped wall behind him. (55)
A young bout is holidng up a math book. He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue. (56)
The kid in the great sweatshirt is happy. He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book. (57)
