A little blonde girl is opening a box and pulling out a present and pretending to drink from a green-patterned cup. Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room. (0)
A couple of people are strolling along a decorative walkway. There is a long line of trees in the background. (1)
A man is reading a newspaper. A gate and building is behind him. (2)
A man is reading the newspaper. There is an iron fence behind him. (3)
Three women are taking photographs. In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door. (4)
Man typing on computer. There are computers on counter next to him. (5)
A man is on a scooter that is carrying blue cases. There is a building and trees in the background. (6)
A man is running a race. There is another runner behind him and trees in the background. (7)
People are riding horses on a trail. Trees and grass are in the background. (8)
A man is playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it. (9)
There is a man wearing a black shirt sitting down and playing a cello. There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background. (10)
There are several people taking pictures. They are in a ornately decorated room. (11)
A woman is talking on a pay phone while her friend waits. They appear to be in front of a closed store in a larger city. (12)
A woman is talking on a pay phone. Her friend is leaning against the phone waiting for her. (13)
A woman is talking on a pay phone. Another woman is standing with her. (14)
A person is running in a race. A grey van, a wooded area and a street sign are in the backround. (15)
There are two people riding horses into a field. There are trees and a fence to the side. (16)
A woman is reading a newpaper in a coffee shop. Shelves and another person is in the background. (17)
There is a person riding a bicycle on a sidewalk next to a road. There is a road with some trees and a car in the background. (18)
A woman wearing a helmet is riding a bike on a sidewalk. The setting appears to be in Europe because of the lane in which the van in the background is driving. (19)
There is a man and women both on horses. They are on a beach during the day. (20)
A woman is working on a computer. The computer on a desk in a house. (21)
There is a woman in a pink hat holding a red water bottle. There is a crowd of people wearing race numbers stand on asphalt in the background. (22)
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone. There is an orange wall and a white door behind them. (23)
A father reads with his infant son. There is a bookshelf and drawers to his side. (24)
There is a woman walking her dog in the center on the image. The ground is made of red bricks. (25)
A woman is walking her dog. She has a red leash. (26)
There is a woman riding on dirt trail atop a brown horse looking back at the camera. There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them. (27)
A person in a tank top and shorts is riding a dark colored horse on a sandy beach. To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano. (28)
A man is talking on a cell phone. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room. (29)
There are two women using computers. They are in a large well lit room. (30)
A woman in red is using a computer. There is another woman behind her and a brown desk. (31)
A child is riding a horse. There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background. (32)
A person is competing with their horse. Spectators are watching. (33)
There is a man riding a horse playing polo. In the background you can see a green playing field. (34)
A man on a brown horse is playing polo. He is on a grass field that extends into the background. (35)
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls. (36)
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background. (37)
A small boy in playing in the grass. There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him. (38)
A little boy walking in the grass. There is a white chair beside him. (39)
A baby is sitting in a chair reading a book. There is a wooden shelf on the left and some more books in the background. (40)
A baby is sitting in a chair looking at a book. A shelf and changing table are in the background. (41)
A woman is holding a silver camera. There is pink patterned wallpaper and a mirror in the room. (42)
There is a man on stage playing the flute. There is a sign with Chico World Music Festival in the background. (43)
A man is playing a flute. There are drums and a sign. (44)
A boy is running a race in the city. There is another runner behind him. (45)
A man is talking on the phone. There is a bald man standing beside him. (46)
A person walking and a person riding a bike without any protective gear. A roadway with a large open field and beautiful trees all around. (47)
Two people are riding horses. They are riding on the beach. (48)
A family has their picture taken. It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them. (49)
A man in a green hat is working on a laptop. He is sitting down on a couch. (50)
A woman in a straw hat, wearing a sleeveless black tank and jeans, is taking a picture with a camera that has a telephoto lens. An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving. (51)
Young girl getting ready for school. Online schooling; you can even do it wrapped in a towel. (52)
A man is running in a race. Several buildings and store fronts, 4 bystanders, and a person riding a bike are in the background. (53)
Basketball player in the Lakers uniform just avoids a block move from an opposing teams player. There are three full levels of people watching the game. (54)
there is a lakers player jumping in front of a bulls player on the basketball court. There are people sitting in the seats surrounding the court. (55)
A baby is looking intently at a colorful cloth book. Toys surround the toddler, some of which are green and orange. (56)
A man is riding a small motorized bike down the street. The bike is red with yellow flames, and the man is wearing a green T-shirt and blue jeans. (57)
A book stand has been set up with books in it. Next to it is a box with books in it and one standing open on top. (58)
A table in the middle of the room with a book propped up in the middle of the table. A large room with displays every where you look, filled with pamphlets and books stored on them. (59)
Three people are playing a piano together. There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano. (60)
The girls are sitting in a circle. They are working on a craft. (61)
A child reads in her crib. She is wearing orange. (62)
A toddler girl is reading a book while sitting in her stroller. People are gathered along the sidewalk behind her looking at store displays. (63)
A child in a stroller is reading a book. There is a busy street of people in the background. (64)
A snowboarder is jumpid in mid air. It is the evening time and the sky is dark. (65)
A band with mainly drums and cymbals. A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot. (66)
A man in a red shirt is holding a beer. There are two people in the background, one of whom is taking a picture. (67)
A person is riding a motorbike. They are wearing a helmet. (68)
A child is using a computer. There is a desk full of stuff, an orange drink and a small box. (69)
A young child is seated in front of a computer monitor. His hand is on the mouse, and he is sitting on a wooden chair. (70)
Two men playing air guitar. They are inside and thee is a door behind them. (71)
A jockey on a horse are making a jump over a hurdle. They are in an equestrian competition. (72)
A man and a woman smoking cigarettes. There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench. (73)
A man is reading. There is a building behind him. (74)
There are three little girls sitting on a couch while one is playing the flute. There is curtains and a lamp in the background. (75)
There is a girl playing a flute, while there are other girls sitting next to her. There is a multi-colored afghan folded up on the end of the sofa. (76)
A girl is jumping off of a cliff. There is greenery next to her. (77)
A man is on a computer. He is wearing a jacket. (78)
A man is in deep thought. He is in an Internet cafe. (79)
The boy is jumping off rocks into the water. He is holding his nose in anticipation of the landing. (80)
A band is playing and a man is singing. There is a microphone in his hand and drums on the stage. (81)
There is a man on stage holding a microphone. There is a drummer and a guitarist behind him. (82)
There is a man in a costume playing a violin and standing in front of a building. The building behind him is white, brown, and green and there is a person standing off to his side. (83)
A rider in a horse show is jumping the horse over a hurdle. A crowd is watching from all around and another rider is on the field. (84)
A person is riding a horse. They are wearing a hat. (85)
A male in Santa hat shuffles a deck of cards. A cabinet is in background. (86)
A woman is helping a child on a bicycle. Their shadows fall on a blue car. (87)
A little girl is learning how to ride a bike. The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars. (88)
A person wearing a black and white helmet is riding a horse that is jumping over several poles. In the background are several trees, several buildings, and a horse. (89)
There is a woman reading a book behind a counter. There is a computer and books in the background. (90)
A person is jumping outside. There are some trees in the background. (91)
A man is jumping off of a stone bench. He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance. (92)
A man is jumping into the water. There are trees behind him. (93)
Having fun at the lake being pushed into cold water. It's too cold to go in willingly. (94)
Two people are jumping together. There are in a long outdoor brick hallway and there are shrubs coming from the roof above. (95)
A girl is jumping outside. She is wearing blue jeans. (96)
A man has fallen off a motor scoot. There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses. (97)
A man is riding a brown horse. He has a white shirt and baseball cap on. (98)
A man is riding a brown horse. He is wearing a hat. (99)
The man in the hat rides the horse. The sand is no issue for the horse to trek through. (100)
 (101)
