A man is holding a baby while talking on the phone. A kitchen counter and cabinets are in the background. (0)
There is a man holding a baby and talking on a cellphone. There is a kitchen behind him with brown wooden cabinetry. (1)
Two people are walking down a sidewalk. Large expanses of green grass, square bushes and a large building are in the background. (2)
Two people are walking on a walkway. There is a neat row of trees behind them. (3)
A man sitting on a bench reading a paper. A large white building with a balcony behind a large black fence. (4)
A man on a boat is taking a picture. Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore. (5)
A man is taking a picture. He is on a boat. (6)
A man playing electric guitar. Bright light up above. (7)
A man is playing a guitar. A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background. (8)
A woman is at her computer. There is a white screen in the background. (9)
A person is riding a scooter with a helmet on. A white building, and brown roofing are in the background. (10)
A small girl is on a horse. Another girl is holding the reign. (11)
There is a little girl on a horse. She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors. (12)
There is a man jogging in a red shirt and sunglasses. There is another man jogging behind him, a wooden building, and a cement bench. (13)
A man is running a race or marathon. There is another runner behind him. (14)
A man is playing a cello. There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass. (15)
A small girl is riding a horse. There are trees and mountains in the background. (16)
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background. (17)
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background. (18)
A woman is reading the newspaper. She is in a restaurant or cafe. (19)
A woman is reading a newspaper. The walls are yellow and gray. (20)
A woman is riding her bike. There is a highway in the background. (21)
A young man types on his laptop computer. There are pens on the desk. (22)
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background. (23)
A man is reading a newspaper. There's a bag on the table. (24)
A man is riding a horse. They are at a renaissance fair. (25)
A person on a horse with a blanket on its back possible some kind of dual. A large group of people on both sides of the fence ready to watch the show. (26)
A woman takes a picture. There are trees and runners behind her. (27)
Woman taking pictures. People are standing in the background. (28)
A man is reading a book on a bed. There is a baby on the bed with him and a bookshelf to the left. (29)
A man is lying on the bed with a baby. There is a book shelf beside the bed. (30)
A woman is walking a small dog. The floor is a red tile pattern. (31)
A young girl is on her computer. There is an object in front of her. (32)
Young girl using a laptop. There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her. (33)
This is a picture of someone on horseback. They are positioned on the beach with the forest off to the left and a body of water in front of them to the right. (34)
A person is sitting on a horse. There is mountain or volcano in the background. (35)
There is a women on a horse. She appears to be outdoors near a mountain. (36)
The girl is riding a horse. The mountains are huge in the background. (37)
A man is playing soccer. There are trees in the background. (38)
A man is running. Another man is wearing cleats. (39)
There is a man talking on a cellphone. He is in a dimly lit room. (40)
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone. He is covering his ears so he can hear better. (41)
A woman and a man are reading books. There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall. (42)
A jockey is riding a brown horse in a dirt circuit. There are stands in the background with some seated spectators. (43)
A man is playing polo. His horse is running. (44)
Two black boys are running down the sidewalk. There are buildings along the street. (45)
There is a baby sitting in a chair thumbing through a small book. To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes. (46)
There is a man talking on a cell phone, sitting on a rock in a field. There is a sunset and a small hill on the background. (47)
A male is sitting on a large rock. The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon. (48)
A man is talking on his cell phone. There is a beautiful sunset in the background. (49)
A woman takes a picture. There is a blue curtain and polka dot walls around her. (50)
A man is playing a clarinet. There are drums, brightly colored curtains and a banner behind him on the stage. (51)
Three people take a stroll down a path. There are trees and street signs around them. (52)
People are walking through an an alley. It's covered with trees. (53)
There is a man in a tan and wool winter jacket talking on a telephone. Next to him on the left is a bald man with a beard in a brown jacket and behind them is a large wooden cabinet. (54)
Two children and a woman are sitting on a couch. A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background. (55)
A man on a bicycle pedals behind a jogger. There's a green field and lots of trees. (56)
A man is taking a picture. People are posing for him. (57)
There is a boy on a bicycle. He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him. (58)
A person riding a bicycle down the road, with a baseball cap on. A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel. (59)
A boy is riding a bike that has some type of canvas bag on the side. There is a mural of a city painted on a wall, and behind that some type of building under construction. (60)
A person siting on a sofa using a laptop. A living room area with a plaid like sofa trimmed in wood and a mirror in the corner. (61)
A man on his couch typing on the laptop. The couch has a plaid pattern. (62)
A woman is sitting at her computer with her headphones on. Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background. (63)
An asian girl is talking on a cellphone in a restaurant. There is food on the table in front of her and people around and behind her. (64)
A woman talking on the phone. She is in a restaurant with a group of people. (65)
A girl is speaking on the phone. She is in a restaurant. (66)
A little girl is playing with a toy train. The floor is tiled beneath her. (67)
A baby is playing with a toy. The baby is sitting in a walker. (68)
The man in the green shirt is riding a small motorcycle. His green shirt does not match the red and yellow bike. (69)
A man rides a scooter down the street. There's a manhole nearby. (70)
There are several books on display. There is bright orange bookshelves in the background. (71)
Three girls are sitting down. There is grass underneath them. (72)
A man is snowboarding in winter clothes. It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him. (73)
A boy is playing the drums. There are several cars in the background. (74)
There are four riders on motorcycles, driving on a track. There are orange striped cones. (75)
A man jumps across the water to reach the other sand mound. Rocks and buildings are in the background. (76)
A man is leading a boy on horseback. A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background. (77)
A young man is pulling a pony carrying a child on its back. They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them. (78)
A boy is reading a book. He is wearing sandals. (79)
A group of people walking on a path with backpacks and binoculars. A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look. (80)
A woman is video conferencing with another woman. There is a monitor and video camera in the background. (81)
A woman is jumping off a ledge. There are lots of trees in the background. (82)
A peson is jumping into water. A jagged brown rock face is in the background. (83)
A man is playing the violin. He is wearing brown shoes. (84)
A man is playing an instrument. There are leaves on the ground. (85)
The white horse is jumping over the fence at a competition. The yellow Breitling sign is on the navy wall in the background. (86)
There is a man wearing a Santa hat and playing the card game Uno. There are no lights on and it seems to be dark. (87)
There is a blurred image of a man playing guitar. The background is dark and blurry. (88)
A person dressed in red playing a guitar. A stage with a band playing instruments, the lighting is apparent red,. (89)
A rider on a horse jumps over an obstacle during a competition. Trees and grass are in the background. (90)
A woman is standing up behind a counter reading a book. There is a book shelf and a cash register in the background. (91)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a hat and a sweater. (92)
A man stands in a telephone booth talking on the telephone. The booth has glass on either sides. (93)
A woman is walking outside. There are trees in the background. (94)
A amn fell off his motor cycle. You see two more men behind him cheering. (95)
A person is riding a bicycle. There is a body of water in the background. (96)
A man is riding a bike. Water surrounds him. (97)
A young bout is holidng up a math book. He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue. (98)
A boy standing with a grin on his face, wearing a grey sweatshirt and holding a book in his hand.  A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall. (99)
The kid in the great sweatshirt is happy. He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book. (100)
A woman leans into the trunk of a black car, which also has all four doors open. The car is in a parking lot of a strip mall. (101)
 (102)
