Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room.
There is a long line of trees in the background.
A gate and building is behind him.
There is an iron fence behind him.
In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door.
There are computers on counter next to him.
There is a building and trees in the background.
There is another runner behind him and trees in the background.
Trees and grass are in the background.
There is a stand with sheet music on it.
There is a stand with sheet music on it and a white wall in the background.
They are in a ornately decorated room.
They appear to be in front of a closed store in a larger city.
Her friend is leaning against the phone waiting for her.
Another woman is standing with her.
A grey van, a wooded area and a street sign are in the backround.
There are trees and a fence to the side.
Shelves and another person is in the background.
There is a road with some trees and a car in the background.
The setting appears to be in Europe because of the lane in which the van in the background is driving.
They are on a beach during the day.
The computer on a desk in a house.
There is a crowd of people wearing race numbers stand on asphalt in the background.
There is an orange wall and a white door behind them.
There is a bookshelf and drawers to his side.
The ground is made of red bricks.
She has a red leash.
There is another woman on a horse in front of her and trees surrounding them.
To the left of the person are some trees, water, and a large volcano.
He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in a darkened room.
They are in a large well lit room.
There is another woman behind her and a brown desk.
There are bleachers with an audience, and a small building in the background.
Spectators are watching.
In the background you can see a green playing field.
He is on a grass field that extends into the background.
Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls.
Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background.
There is a white plastic lawn chair and a fence behind him.
There is a white chair beside him.
There is a wooden shelf on the left and some more books in the background.
A shelf and changing table are in the background.
There is pink patterned wallpaper and a mirror in the room.
There is a sign with Chico World Music Festival in the background.
There are drums and a sign.
There is another runner behind him.
There is a bald man standing beside him.
A roadway with a large open field and beautiful trees all around.
They are riding on the beach.
It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them.
He is sitting down on a couch.
An older, portly gentleman, possibly her father or grandfather, wearing khaki's and a blue t-shirt, is watching her and waving.
Online schooling; you can even do it wrapped in a towel.
Several buildings and store fronts, 4 bystanders, and a person riding a bike are in the background.
There are three full levels of people watching the game.
There are people sitting in the seats surrounding the court.
Toys surround the toddler, some of which are green and orange.
The bike is red with yellow flames, and the man is wearing a green T-shirt and blue jeans.
Next to it is a box with books in it and one standing open on top.
A large room with displays every where you look, filled with pamphlets and books stored on them.
There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano.
They are working on a craft.
She is wearing orange.
People are gathered along the sidewalk behind her looking at store displays.
There is a busy street of people in the background.
It is the evening time and the sky is dark.
A small space possible a garage, wide open doors with red and white fabric hanging , outside there are trees and cars parked in the lot.
There are two people in the background, one of whom is taking a picture.
They are wearing a helmet.
There is a desk full of stuff, an orange drink and a small box.
His hand is on the mouse, and he is sitting on a wooden chair.
They are inside and thee is a door behind them.
They are in an equestrian competition.
There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench.
There is a building behind him.
There is curtains and a lamp in the background.
There is a multi-colored afghan folded up on the end of the sofa.
There is greenery next to her.
He is wearing a jacket.
He is in an Internet cafe.
He is holding his nose in anticipation of the landing.
There is a microphone in his hand and drums on the stage.
There is a drummer and a guitarist behind him.
The building behind him is white, brown, and green and there is a person standing off to his side.
A crowd is watching from all around and another rider is on the field.
They are wearing a hat.
A cabinet is in background.
Their shadows fall on a blue car.
The bike is blue and pink with white and red handle bars.
In the background are several trees, several buildings, and a horse.
There is a computer and books in the background.
There are some trees in the background.
He is in an outdoor hallway and there are trees in the distance.
There are trees behind him.
It's too cold to go in willingly.
There are in a long outdoor brick hallway and there are shrubs coming from the roof above.
She is wearing blue jeans.
There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses.
He has a white shirt and baseball cap on.
He is wearing a hat.
The sand is no issue for the horse to trek through.

