A kitchen counter and cabinets are in the background.
There is a kitchen behind him with brown wooden cabinetry.
Large expanses of green grass, square bushes and a large building are in the background.
There is a neat row of trees behind them.
A large white building with a balcony behind a large black fence.
Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore.
He is on a boat.
Bright light up above.
A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background.
There is a white screen in the background.
A white building, and brown roofing are in the background.
Another girl is holding the reign.
She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors.
There is another man jogging behind him, a wooden building, and a cement bench.
There is another runner behind him.
There is an offwhite carpet on the ground and an empty glass.
There are trees and mountains in the background.
There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background.
There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background.
She is in a restaurant or cafe.
The walls are yellow and gray.
There is a highway in the background.
There are pens on the desk.
His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background.
There's a bag on the table.
They are at a renaissance fair.
A large group of people on both sides of the fence ready to watch the show.
There are trees and runners behind her.
People are standing in the background.
There is a baby on the bed with him and a bookshelf to the left.
There is a book shelf beside the bed.
The floor is a red tile pattern.
There is an object in front of her.
There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her.
They are positioned on the beach with the forest off to the left and a body of water in front of them to the right.
There is mountain or volcano in the background.
She appears to be outdoors near a mountain.
The mountains are huge in the background.
There are trees in the background.
Another man is wearing cleats.
He is in a dimly lit room.
He is covering his ears so he can hear better.
There's a picture hanging behind them on the wall.
There are stands in the background with some seated spectators.
His horse is running.
There are buildings along the street.
To the left of the baby is a changing station and to the right is a laundry basket full of clothes.
There is a sunset and a small hill on the background.
The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon.
There is a beautiful sunset in the background.
There is a blue curtain and polka dot walls around her.
There are drums, brightly colored curtains and a banner behind him on the stage.
There are trees and street signs around them.
It's covered with trees.
Next to him on the left is a bald man with a beard in a brown jacket and behind them is a large wooden cabinet.
A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background.
There's a green field and lots of trees.
People are posing for him.
He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him.
A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel.
There is a mural of a city painted on a wall, and behind that some type of building under construction.
A living room area with a plaid like sofa trimmed in wood and a mirror in the corner.
The couch has a plaid pattern.
Looks like she may be in a bedroom due to the bed in the background.
There is food on the table in front of her and people around and behind her.
She is in a restaurant with a group of people.
She is in a restaurant.
The floor is tiled beneath her.
The baby is sitting in a walker.
His green shirt does not match the red and yellow bike.
There's a manhole nearby.
There is bright orange bookshelves in the background.
There is grass underneath them.
It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him.
There are several cars in the background.
There are orange striped cones.
Rocks and buildings are in the background.
A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background.
They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them.
He is wearing sandals.
A lovely dirt path with foliage on both sides and a mountain in the background with trees everywhere you look.
There is a monitor and video camera in the background.
There are lots of trees in the background.
A jagged brown rock face is in the background.
He is wearing brown shoes.
There are leaves on the ground.
The yellow Breitling sign is on the navy wall in the background.
There are no lights on and it seems to be dark.
The background is dark and blurry.
A stage with a band playing instruments, the lighting is apparent red,.
Trees and grass are in the background.
There is a book shelf and a cash register in the background.
He is wearing a hat and a sweater.
The booth has glass on either sides.
There are trees in the background.
You see two more men behind him cheering.
There is a body of water in the background.
Water surrounds him.
He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue.
 A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall.
He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book.
The car is in a parking lot of a strip mall.

