There is a man holding a baby and talking on a cellphone. There is a kitchen behind him with brown wooden cabinetry. (0)
A man is holding a baby while talking on the phone. A kitchen counter and cabinets are in the background. (1)
Two people are walking on a walkway. There is a neat row of trees behind them. (2)
Two people are walking down a sidewalk. Large expanses of green grass, square bushes and a large building are in the background. (3)
A man is taking a picture. He is on a boat. (4)
A man on a boat is taking a picture. Behind them is the wake from the boat and several trees on the opposite shore. (5)
A man is playing a guitar. A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background. (6)
A man playing electric guitar. Bright light up above. (7)
There is a little girl on a horse. She is in a indoor enclosure with dirt floors. (8)
A small girl is on a horse. Another girl is holding the reign. (9)
A man is running a race or marathon. There is another runner behind him. (10)
There is a man jogging in a red shirt and sunglasses. There is another man jogging behind him, a wooden building, and a cement bench. (11)
There is a man running down the side of the road wearing race numbers. There is a minivan, trees, and a road sign in the background. (12)
A guy in a black uniform is running on the side of a road. There is a mini van and a girl walking in the background. (13)
A woman is reading a newspaper. The walls are yellow and gray. (14)
A woman is reading the newspaper. She is in a restaurant or cafe. (15)
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background. (16)
A young man types on his laptop computer. There are pens on the desk. (17)
A person on a horse with a blanket on its back possible some kind of dual. A large group of people on both sides of the fence ready to watch the show. (18)
A man is riding a horse. They are at a renaissance fair. (19)
Woman taking pictures. People are standing in the background. (20)
A woman takes a picture. There are trees and runners behind her. (21)
A man is lying on the bed with a baby. There is a book shelf beside the bed. (22)
A man is reading a book on a bed. There is a baby on the bed with him and a bookshelf to the left. (23)
Young girl using a laptop. There is an orange lamp in front of her and some boxes behind her. (24)
A young girl is on her computer. There is an object in front of her. (25)
A person is sitting on a horse. There is mountain or volcano in the background. (26)
This is a picture of someone on horseback. They are positioned on the beach with the forest off to the left and a body of water in front of them to the right. (27)
The girl is riding a horse. The mountains are huge in the background. (28)
There is a women on a horse. She appears to be outdoors near a mountain. (29)
A man is running. Another man is wearing cleats. (30)
A man is playing soccer. There are trees in the background. (31)
A black and white picture with a man on a cell phone. He is covering his ears so he can hear better. (32)
There is a man talking on a cellphone. He is in a dimly lit room. (33)
A male is sitting on a large rock. The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon. (34)
A man is talking on his cell phone. There is a beautiful sunset in the background. (35)
There is a man talking on a cell phone, sitting on a rock in a field. There is a sunset and a small hill on the background. (36)
A man is talking on his cell phone. There is a beautiful sunset in the background. (37)
There is a man talking on a cell phone, sitting on a rock in a field. There is a sunset and a small hill on the background. (38)
A male is sitting on a large rock. The brilliant sunset lights up the horizon. (39)
People are walking through an an alley. It's covered with trees. (40)
Three people take a stroll down a path. There are trees and street signs around them. (41)
A person riding a bicycle down the road, with a baseball cap on.  A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel. (42)
A boy is riding a bike that has some type of canvas bag on the side. There is a mural of a city painted on a wall, and behind that some type of building under construction. (43)
There is a boy on a bicycle. He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him. (44)
A boy is riding a bike that has some type of canvas bag on the side. There is a mural of a city painted on a wall, and behind that some type of building under construction. (45)
There is a boy on a bicycle. He is riding on a city road with a mural of a city behind him. (46)
A person riding a bicycle down the road, with a baseball cap on.  A roadway with a mural on the side of the tunnel. (47)
A man on his couch typing on the laptop. The couch has a plaid pattern. (48)
A person siting on a sofa using a laptop. A living room area with a plaid like sofa trimmed in wood and a mirror in the corner. (49)
A woman talking on the phone. She is in a restaurant with a group of people. (50)
A girl is speaking on the phone. She is in a restaurant. (51)
An asian girl is talking on a cellphone in a restaurant. There is food on the table in front of her and people around and behind her. (52)
A girl is speaking on the phone. She is in a restaurant. (53)
An asian girl is talking on a cellphone in a restaurant. There is food on the table in front of her and people around and behind her. (54)
A woman talking on the phone. She is in a restaurant with a group of people. (55)
A man rides a scooter down the street. There's a manhole nearby. (56)
The man in the green shirt is riding a small motorcycle. His green shirt does not match the red and yellow bike. (57)
A young man is pulling a pony carrying a child on its back. They are walking along a brick thoroughfare, with a gray building behind them. (58)
A man is leading a boy on horseback. A blue wall with posters affixed to the wall is in the background. (59)
A man is playing an instrument. There are leaves on the ground. (60)
A man is playing the violin. He is wearing brown shoes. (61)
A person dressed in red playing a guitar. A stage with a band playing instruments, the lighting is apparent red,. (62)
There is a blurred image of a man playing guitar. The background is dark and blurry. (63)
A man stands in a telephone booth talking on the telephone.The booth has glass on either sides. (64)
A man is talking on a phone. He is wearing a hat and a sweater. (65)
A man is riding a bike. Water surrounds him. (66)
A person is riding a bicycle. There is a body of water in the background. (67)
A boy standing with a grin on his face, wearing a grey sweatshirt and holding a book in his hand. A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall. (68)
The kid in the great sweatshirt is happy. He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book. (69)
A young bout is holidng up a math book. He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue. (70)
The kid in the great sweatshirt is happy. He's hold a copy of Douglas Adams' book. (71)
A young bout is holidng up a math book. He is wearing a grey sweater and the book is blue. (72)
A boy standing with a grin on his face, wearing a grey sweatshirt and holding a book in his hand. A small room that is painted off-white with many different posters and papers hanging on the wall. (73)
