Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room.
In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door.
Bright light up above.
A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background.
A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background.
The picture is black and white.
There are tall buildings in the background.
There is a newspaper on the bed.
There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall.
There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background.
There is a guitar beside him.
She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed.
He is riding on a road with a fence and trees in the background.
They are on a beach during the day.
There are snow covered trees in the background.
The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow.
There is other pedestrians in the park in the background.
His robe is a golden color.
There are pens on the desk.
His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background.
He is on a stage next to other artists.
Other musicians are in the background.
A woman next to her to about to give her a kiss on the cheek.
The computer on a desk in a house.
She has a red leash.
The floor is a red tile pattern.
They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background.
She appears to be outdoors near a mountain.
There is a hotel in the background.
The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle.
There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall.
There is a sign that says Tequila in the background.
They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables.
They are in a horse stall with two other people.
There are buildings along the street.
Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls.
There is an orange sign above them.
There are are large windows and a table with a blue skirt on it.
He is hunched over.
People along the side of the competition, encouraging the bikers on.
There are stadium seats with spectators in the background.
There is a chain link fence and a building.
There is grass and trees in the background.
There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background.
There is another woman running behind her.
A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around.
There is another canoe behind him, and grass on a little bit of the floor.
A living room or family room with a sofa, carpet on the floor and other musical instruments in the room.
In the distance is the ocean and a large dock extending into the water.
Other people are riding behind him.
A blue plate and a brown box are in the backround.
A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around.
He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background.
There is a huge reflective ball in the background.
He is in a city.
He is standing on a ledge.
There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance.
People are posing for him.
It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them.
A dirty grey truck, the sidewalk and the street are in the backround.
There are magazines on the wall, a bookshelf and a window.
He is seated on red carpet leaning against a greenish grey wall.
There is a fence alongside the road.
There are blankets and a couch in the background of the photograph.
In the background is a person wearing a plaid shirt.
It is the evening time and the sky is dark.
It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him.
The picture is black and white.
The dark background emphasizes the image.
There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her.
There is a light fixture in the background.
There are other poles set up in the background.
There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind.
There is a picture and cars in the background.
There is a horse stable behind him.
There is a monitor and video camera in the background.
There are shelves on the desk and a picture above the computer.
The bookshelves behind him are messy.
She is wearing a pink shirt.
The boys are having some fun next to it.
There is a dark brick wall in the background.
In the background is a large brick wall and several people.
Another person looks on.
He is wearing swimming trunks.
The water is calm aside from some small ripples.
A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans.
Another member of his team can be seen running behind him.
They are wearing a yellow shirt.
There is a brown bookshelf and a barstool in the background.
The pool water is sparkling blue.
The sky is clear and blue.
He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone.
A storefront window is behind them, with a trombone in the window, and there is an empty table with two pink chairs next to them.
There are lots of windows in the background.
There is a piano in front of him.
There are trees in the background.
There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses.
In the background there is a stadium with an audience.
A crowd looks on.
He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him.
A tall glass with a straw can be seen in the foreground.

