A little blonde girl is opening a box and pulling out a present and pretending to drink from a green-patterned cup. Her mother, who wears glasses, and her brother watch her in their living room. (0)
Three women are taking photographs. In the background there is a grey car and a brick building with three windows and a door. (1)
A man playing electric guitar. Bright light up above. (2)
A man is playing a guitar. A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background. (3)
A woman is taking a picture. A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background. (4)
A woman is taking a picture of her friend. The picture is black and white. (5)
Several people are walking along on a city street. There are tall buildings in the background. (6)
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed. (7)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (8)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (9)
A man is playing the saxophone. There is a guitar beside him. (10)
A girl is on her laptop. She is inside a hotel room sitting on the bed. (11)
A man who appears to be in his 20s or 30s is wearing spandex biking gear and is riding a bicycle. He is riding on a road with a fence and trees in the background. (12)
There is a man and women both on horses. They are on a beach during the day. (13)
A boy sits on the snow. There are snow covered trees in the background. (14)
There is a child running in the snow. The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow. (15)
A man in a robe is sitting on a bench reading a book. There is other pedestrians in the park in the background. (16)
A monk is reading a magazine. His robe is a golden color. (17)
A young man types on his laptop computer. There are pens on the desk. (18)
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background. (19)
There is an Asian man playing a violin. He is on a stage next to other artists. (20)
A concert is taking place and two people are playing violin-like instruments. Other musicians are in the background. (21)
A young woman is talking on a cell phone. A woman next to her to about to give her a kiss on the cheek. (22)
A woman is working on a computer. The computer on a desk in a house. (23)
A woman is walking her dog. She has a red leash. (24)
A woman is walking a small dog. The floor is a red tile pattern. (25)
People are running a marathon. They are running in the street with cars and trees in the background. (26)
There is a women on a horse. She appears to be outdoors near a mountain. (27)
Three people are walking. There is a hotel in the background. (28)
The two people are minding their own business as they quickly exchange glances and walk or jog away. The cone is bright orange and their is a huge pole in the middle. (29)
A girl is taking a picture of a guy. There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall. (30)
A man is posing for a picture. There is a sign that says Tequila in the background. (31)
A young child is riding a small horse while one man guides the horse and another man watches. They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables. (32)
A boy is sitting on a pony. They are in a horse stall with two other people. (33)
Two black boys are running down the sidewalk. There are buildings along the street. (34)
There is a man walking down an alley wearing a black jacket, black hat, and a pair of blue jeans. Directly to the right and left of him are doors that are attached to white and red covered walls. (35)
Two people are walking on the sidewalk. There is an orange sign above them. (36)
There are three people working on computers. There are are large windows and a table with a blue skirt on it. (37)
A man is riding a bike. He is hunched over. (38)
A person in a biking outfit and a helmet , participating in some type of competition. People along the side of the competition, encouraging the bikers on. (39)
A man in black is riding a race bicycle on a paved road. There are stadium seats with spectators in the background. (40)
A child is riding a bicycle on a sidewalk. There is a chain link fence and a building. (41)
There are two people with on taking a picture of the other. There is grass and trees in the background. (42)
A man in a tan tuxedo is on an apple laptop. There is a painting and red couch with stars on it in the background. (43)
A woman is running a race. There is another woman running behind her. (44)
A woman running in some kind of race or marathon. A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around. (45)
A man takes a picture in held up canoe. There is another canoe behind him, and grass on a little bit of the floor. (46)
People sitting on a sofa with a man playing an instrument for entertainment. A living room or family room with a sofa, carpet on the floor and other musical instruments in the room. (47)
A man on a bike is jumping off of a concrete statue while several others watch. In the distance is the ocean and a large dock extending into the water. (48)
A man is riding his bike. Other people are riding behind him. (49)
A person is looking at a book with a child. A blue plate and a brown box are in the backround. (50)
A person standing on a large balcony looking at a very large sphere. A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around. (51)
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background. (52)
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background. (53)
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city. (54)
A man is holding a camera that is pointed at the viewer. He is standing on a ledge. (55)
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance. (56)
A man is taking a picture. People are posing for him. (57)
A family has their picture taken. It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them. (58)
3 men are running in a race. A dirty grey truck, the sidewalk and the street are in the backround. (59)
A young girl is using the computer. There are magazines on the wall, a bookshelf and a window. (60)
A young man is talking on the phone. He is seated on red carpet leaning against a greenish grey wall. (61)
Five young women are walking in the middle of a street at night. There is a fence alongside the road. (62)
A baby is holding a telephone. There are blankets and a couch in the background of the photograph. (63)
A baby is sleeping with a cellphone next to their right hear. In the background is a person wearing a plaid shirt. (64)
A snowboarder is jumpid in mid air. It is the evening time and the sky is dark. (65)
A man is snowboarding in winter clothes. It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him. (66)
A man is playing the trumpet. The picture is black and white. (67)
The trumpet player is blowing into his instrument. The dark background emphasizes the image. (68)
A woman is standing in a well lit room of a house. There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her. (69)
A woman is posing for a picture. There is a light fixture in the background. (70)
A horse is jumping over several poles. There are other poles set up in the background. (71)
A man on a bicycle, with a child on the back, has stopped to snap a photo. There is a pole in front of them and a wall or garage door behind. (72)
There is a woman sitting in front of a computer in an office. There is a picture and cars in the background. (73)
A man is sitting on a horse. There is a horse stable behind him. (74)
A woman is video conferencing with another woman. There is a monitor and video camera in the background. (75)
A young man is sitting at a desk studying an image on a computer. There are shelves on the desk and a picture above the computer. (76)
A man is sitting in front of his computer in his office. The bookshelves behind him are messy. (77)
A girl is using a computer. She is wearing a pink shirt. (78)
The bonfire is burning hot. The boys are having some fun next to it. (79)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (80)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (81)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (82)
A man is jumping into a body of water. He is wearing swimming trunks. (83)
A man is jumping into a body of water. The water is calm aside from some small ripples. (84)
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans. (85)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (86)
A person is riding a black horse. They are wearing a yellow shirt. (87)
A person is jumping up in the air. There is a brown bookshelf and a barstool in the background. (88)
A tanned girl in bikinis is jumping sideway into the pool. The pool water is sparkling blue. (89)
A girl is jumping into a swimming pool. The sky is clear and blue. (90)
A man making a speak at a podium. He has long hair, a jacket on and is reading from a book into a microphone. (91)
Four youth musicians are playing cellos. A storefront window is behind them, with a trombone in the window, and there is an empty table with two pink chairs next to them. (92)
A girl is playing a musical instrument. There are lots of windows in the background. (93)
A man is reading a musical composition. There is a piano in front of him. (94)
A woman is walking outside. There are trees in the background. (95)
A man has fallen off a motor scoot. There is a chain fence behind him and long grasses. (96)
There are men playing basketball. In the background there is a stadium with an audience. (97)
Men are playing basketball. A crowd looks on. (98)
A man is playing the flute. He is on stage with a camara in front of him and another person watching him. (99)
A young female is seated at a table, looking at a glossy magazine. A tall glass with a straw can be seen in the foreground. (100)
 (101)
