Trees and grass are in the background.
To her side sits her friend and a bottle of water.
There is a brick road and buildings in the background.
There is a guitar next to him on the ground.
There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background.
She is in a hotel room.
He is on an asphalt road with several trees, bushes and a fence in the background.
There are trees and a sidewalk.
A city street with office buildings, restaurants, across from a park with sidewalks and trees all around.
They are in a darkened room and there is another person standing in the background.
Another woman is kissing her on the cheek.
She is on her cellular phone.
There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background.
Across the four way intersection are two yellow cabs, a minivan, and a row of buildings.
There's another person with a red shirt.
There is an orange wall and a white door behind them.
The ground is made of red bricks.
The mountains are huge in the background.
Another guy in a white shirt is walking with them by a pond.
A sitting room type area with wood on the walls and a table with a covering as well as a white chair.
There is a yellow chair next to him and a small table behind him.
There is a cabinet behind him and a chair.
She is wearing a red coat.
The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people.
There is an orange cone on the sidewalk.
There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background.
There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings.
There is a picture behind him and a music stand in front of him.
There is a music stand in front of him, and a wall painting mural behind him.
There is sheet music in front of him and a painting on the wall in the background.
There is an older man behind him.
Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background.
They appear to be in an office building or an airport, by floor-to-ceiling windows and scaffolding.
One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks.
The child is beside a beige van parked on the road and there is a school yard in the background.
There is a van parked on the side of the street.
The man is sitting on a red and yellow couch and there is a picture on the wall behind him.
Behind her are some trees, a large fence, and several other people who are also running.
A brown wooden fence and a white and green boat are in the background.
There is a couch and chair and a window in the background.
There is a table with a laptop on it in a small room painted brown.
Behind him is the beach with a pier jutting into the water.
There is a water background, like a sea or ocean and a dock in the water.
A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background.
The road curves beneath them and trees are behind them.
She is sitting down and he is standing up.
There are waves and a sunset in front of them.
He is followed by two other racers.
In the background is a window, bookshelf, and a rack filled with kid's magazines.
There is a bookshelf next to her.
The gray wall meets the gray rug.
The trees in the background are green in color.
A beautiful riding arena with a wooden fence and large trees in the background.
There are trees in the distance.
The floor is tiled beneath her.
The baby is sitting in a walker.
Toys surround the toddler, some of which are green and orange.
There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano.
The baby is being held by someone else and is swathed in a blue blanket.
The rest of the picture is black.
There are orange striped cones.
They are wearing a helmet.
There is a desk full of stuff, an orange drink and a small box.
His hand is on the mouse, and he is sitting on a wooden chair.
The horse is jumping over a hurdle.
A large grassy area enclosed with a white fence with many different obstacles for the horses to defeat and beautiful mountains in the background.
There is a parking lot with cars in the background.
There is a computer in front of her.
They are inside and thee is a door behind them.
There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench.
They are wearing blue jeans.
He is sitting at a desk.
He is wearing blue jeans.
Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl.
There are clouds behind her.
He is wearing swim trunks that are gray and have a flower design.
In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score.
A cabinet is in background.
There are no lights on and it seems to be dark.
There is a white fence with white flags on the top in the distance.
There are other barriers in the background and thick green forest.
At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently.
There is table and a shelf in the background.
There is a window and a table in the background.
There is patio furniture around the pool.
There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls.
Another man is playing another instrument in front of him.
In the background you see another man playing an instrument and the room is very dark.
She is wearing a pair of glasses.
There are trees behind him.
It's too cold to go in willingly.
There is cold looking sand and water.
You see two more men behind him cheering.
The stage design is a tree next to a building.
Three people are sitting behind her.
Behind each of their heads someone is making a peace sign.
There is a microphone in front of him.
There is a striped wall behind him.
There are tables, chairs, other people and a tall drinking glass.
They are wearing a helmet.
He has on a helmet and the horse has black tail.

