People are riding horses on a trail. Trees and grass are in the background. (0)
A girl takes a picture. To her side sits her friend and a bottle of water. (1)
People are walking on a street. There is a brick road and buildings in the background. (2)
There is a man playing a saxophone. There is a guitar next to him on the ground. (3)
There is a girl sitting on a bed with a laptop on her lap. There is a green picture hanging on the wall and a dresser with a lamp on it in the background. (4)
A young girl is using her laptop. She is in a hotel room. (5)
There is a man wearing bicycle racing attire riding a road bike. He is on an asphalt road with several trees, bushes and a fence in the background. (6)
A smiling cyclist is riding along. There are trees and a sidewalk. (7)
A man sitting on a bench outside reading a magazine. A city street with office buildings, restaurants, across from a park with sidewalks and trees all around. (8)
Two people are playing instruments. They are in a darkened room and there is another person standing in the background. (9)
A woman is talking on her cell phone. Another woman is kissing her on the cheek. (10)
A woman getting a kiss on the cheek. She is on her cellular phone. (11)
There are three women walking down a street. There is a newspaper vending machine and various buildings in the background. (12)
A man and a little girl are holding hands about to walk across a street. Across the four way intersection are two yellow cabs, a minivan, and a row of buildings. (13)
A young woman sits at a bank of computers. There's another person with a red shirt. (14)
There is a group of teenagers sitting on the floor, the boy in the middle is on the cell phone. There is an orange wall and a white door behind them. (15)
There is a woman walking her dog in the center on the image. The ground is made of red bricks. (16)
The girl is riding a horse. The mountains are huge in the background. (17)
A man is holding his girl's hand while they walk. Another guy in a white shirt is walking with them by a pond. (18)
A man with a long sleeve shirt and light trousers playing a guitar. A sitting room type area with wood on the walls and a table with a covering as well as a white chair. (19)
A man is playing a red guitar. There is a yellow chair next to him and a small table behind him. (20)
A man is playing guitar. There is a cabinet behind him and a chair. (21)
A woman is standing on the sidewalk. She is wearing a red coat. (22)
This is a picture of woman wearing a red coat walking across a bridge. The sidewalk extends into the background where there is a crowd of people. (23)
A woman is running. There is an orange cone on the sidewalk. (24)
A man is riding a motorcycle. There is a parking lot and other motorcycles in the background. (25)
A man is driving a motorcycle through a parking lot. There are several motorcycles in the background, along with some small trees and a row of buildings. (26)
A man is playing a musical instrument. There is a picture behind him and a music stand in front of him. (27)
A man plays an instrument. There is a music stand in front of him, and a wall painting mural behind him. (28)
A man is playing a large wooden flute. There is sheet music in front of him and a painting on the wall in the background. (29)
There is a boy on a brown pony. There is an older man behind him. (30)
A man is walking down an alley. Two large buildings, one with a black door are in the background. (31)
Three adults, two women and a man, are using laptops on a table with a blue skirt. They appear to be in an office building or an airport, by floor-to-ceiling windows and scaffolding. (32)
There are 3 people on the beach. One man is walking towards a woman and there is something white on one of the rocks. (33)
A child is riding a bike on a sidewalk. The child is beside a beige van parked on the road and there is a school yard in the background. (34)
A little girl is riding her bike on the sidewalk. There is a van parked on the side of the street. (35)
There is a man in a suit looking at a laptop. The man is sitting on a red and yellow couch and there is a picture on the wall behind him. (36)
A woman with the number 591 attached to her white top by a piece of paper is running along a track. Behind her are some trees, a large fence, and several other people who are also running. (37)
A man is looking through a camera on a boat. A brown wooden fence and a white and green boat are in the background. (38)
Two young women are sitting on the floor reading a book to a baby girl. There is a couch and chair and a window in the background. (39)
There are several people in chairs and a small child watching one of them play a trumpet. There is a table with a laptop on it in a small room painted brown. (40)
A bicyclist performs tricks. Behind him is the beach with a pier jutting into the water. (41)
There is a boy on a bicycle doing a wheelie. There is a water background, like a sea or ocean and a dock in the water. (42)
Two children and a woman are sitting on a couch. A multicolored blanket, a grey couch, a TV, and a wooden framed window are in the background. (43)
Men ride bicycles in a line. The road curves beneath them and trees are behind them. (44)
A woman is reading a child a book. She is sitting down and he is standing up. (45)
A man walks with his dog on the beach. There are waves and a sunset in front of them. (46)
The boy is running in a race. He is followed by two other racers. (47)
There is a young child at a computer. In the background is a window, bookshelf, and a rack filled with kid's magazines. (48)
A young girl is sitting at a computer. There is a bookshelf next to her. (49)
The boy on the phone sits along the wall. The gray wall meets the gray rug. (50)
A child is learning to ride a horse. The trees in the background are green in color. (51)
A trainer giving direction to a student taking riding lessons. A beautiful riding arena with a wooden fence and large trees in the background. (52)
Someone is sitting on a horse. There are trees in the distance. (53)
A little girl is playing with a toy train. The floor is tiled beneath her. (54)
A baby is playing with a toy. The baby is sitting in a walker. (55)
A baby is looking intently at a colorful cloth book. Toys surround the toddler, some of which are green and orange. (56)
Three people are playing a piano together. There are food bags with Japanese writing on top of the piano. (57)
A baby is asleep and appears to be holding a cellphone. The baby is being held by someone else and is swathed in a blue blanket. (58)
There is a man playing a trumpet. The rest of the picture is black. (59)
There are four riders on motorcycles, driving on a track. There are orange striped cones. (60)
A person is riding a motorbike. They are wearing a helmet. (61)
A child is using a computer. There is a desk full of stuff, an orange drink and a small box. (62)
A young child is seated in front of a computer monitor. His hand is on the mouse, and he is sitting on a wooden chair. (63)
A person is riding a horse. The horse is jumping over a hurdle. (64)
A person riding a beautiful horse jumping over bars. A large grassy area enclosed with a white fence with many different obstacles for the horses to defeat and beautiful mountains in the background. (65)
There is a woman smiling for a photo. There is a parking lot with cars in the background. (66)
A woman sits in her office. There is a computer in front of her. (67)
Two men playing air guitar. They are inside and thee is a door behind them. (68)
A man and a woman smoking cigarettes. There is a building behind them, they are sitting on a red bench. (69)
A person is riding a brown horse. They are wearing blue jeans. (70)
A man is on a computer. He is sitting at a desk. (71)
A man is jumping over a camp fire. He is wearing blue jeans. (72)
A man sitting on a chair is acting crazy, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes squinted. Two people standing across the room with a camera, taking pictures, on the wall near the one person is a lovely poster of a girl. (73)
A little girl is jumping into the air. There are clouds behind her. (74)
A shirtless boy is jumping into water. He is wearing swim trunks that are gray and have a flower design. (75)
A baseball player in an orange uniform is running to first base. In the background, a slightly out-of-focus player on the same team is attempting to score. (76)
A male in Santa hat shuffles a deck of cards. A cabinet is in background. (77)
There is a man wearing a Santa hat and playing the card game Uno. There are no lights on and it seems to be dark. (78)
An equestrian is riding a horse jumping over a gate. There is a white fence with white flags on the top in the distance. (79)
A man on a dark brown horse jumps over a barrier. There are other barriers in the background and thick green forest. (80)
The lady reads the happily reads a recipe. At the dining room table, her helper works on diligently. (81)
There is man holding a light sabre while another person is jumping over it. There is table and a shelf in the background. (82)
A boy in a red short jumps. There is a window and a table in the background. (83)
A girl is jumping into a swimming pool with her legs tucked in. There is patio furniture around the pool. (84)
A young man is talking on a phone by an open window. There is a radiator, spice rack, stacks of stuff, and pipes on the walls. (85)
A man is playing a piano. Another man is playing another instrument in front of him. (86)
man is playing a piano. In the background you see another man playing an instrument and the room is very dark. (87)
A woman is reading a newspaper. She is wearing a pair of glasses. (88)
A man is jumping into the water. There are trees behind him. (89)
Having fun at the lake being pushed into cold water. It's too cold to go in willingly. (90)
A boy is walking on a beach. There is cold looking sand and water. (91)
A amn fell off his motor cycle. You see two more men behind him cheering. (92)
The actress on stage performs her skit. The stage design is a tree next to a building. (93)
A woman is standing on a stage. Three people are sitting behind her. (94)
Two young men are standing close together, smiling, and one has his arm around the other. Behind each of their heads someone is making a peace sign. (95)
A boy is playing a wind instrument. There is a microphone in front of him. (96)
A man is playing an instrument. There is a striped wall behind him. (97)
A woman is looking at a magazine. There are tables, chairs, other people and a tall drinking glass. (98)
A person is riding a brown horse. They are wearing a helmet. (99)
A jockey riding a horse. He has on a helmet and the horse has black tail. (100)
 (101)
