A man is playing a guitar. A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background. (0)
A man playing electric guitar. Bright light up above. (1)
A woman is taking a picture of her friend. The picture is black and white. (2)
A woman is taking a picture. A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background. (3)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (4)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (5)
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed. (6)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (7)
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed. (8)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (9)
There is a child running in the snow. The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow. (10)
A boy sits on the snow. There are snow covered trees in the background. (11)
A monk is reading a magazine. His robe is a golden color. (12)
A man in a robe is sitting on a bench reading a book. There is other pedestrians in the park in the background. (13)
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background. (14)
A young man types on his laptop computer. There are pens on the desk. (15)
A concert is taking place and two people are playing violin-like instruments. Other musicians are in the background. (16)
There is an Asian man playing a violin. He is on a stage next to other artists. (17)
A woman is walking a small dog. The floor is a red tile pattern. (18)
A woman is walking her dog. She has a red leash. (19)
A man is posing for a picture. There is a sign that says Tequila in the background. (20)
A girl is taking a picture of a guy. There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall. (21)
A boy is sitting on a pony. They are in a horse stall with two other people. (22)
A young child is riding a small horse while one man guides the horse and another man watches. They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables. (23)
A person in a biking outfit and a helmet , participating in some type of competition.  People along the side of the competition, encouraging the bikers on. (24)
A man in black is riding a race bicycle on a paved road. There are stadium seats with spectators in the background. (25)
A man is riding a bike. He is hunched over. (26)
A man in black is riding a race bicycle on a paved road. There are stadium seats with spectators in the background. (27)
A man is riding a bike. He is hunched over. (28)
A person in a biking outfit and a helmet , participating in some type of competition.  People along the side of the competition, encouraging the bikers on. (29)
A woman running in some kind of race or marathon.  A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around. (30)
A woman is running a race. There is another woman running behind her. (31)
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background. (32)
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background. (33)
A person standing on a large balcony looking at a very large sphere. A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around. (34)
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background. (35)
A person standing on a large balcony looking at a very large sphere. A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around. (36)
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background. (37)
A man is holding a camera that is pointed at the viewer. He is standing on a ledge. (38)
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance. (39)
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city. (40)
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance. (41)
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city. (42)
A man is holding a camera that is pointed at the viewer. He is standing on a ledge. (43)
A family has their picture taken. It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them. (44)
A man is taking a picture. People are posing for him. (45)
A baby is sleeping with a cellphone next to their right hear. In the background is a person wearing a plaid shirt. (46)
A baby is holding a telephone. There are blankets and a couch in the background of the photograph. (47)
A man is snowboarding in winter clothes. It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him. (48)
A snowboarder is jumpid in mid air. It is the evening time and the sky is dark. (49)
The trumpet player is blowing into his instrument. The dark background emphasizes the image. (50)
A man is playing the trumpet. The picture is black and white. (51)
A woman is posing for a picture. There is a light fixture in the background. (52)
A woman is standing in a well lit room of a house. There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her. (53)
A man is sitting in front of his computer in his office. The bookshelves behind him are messy. (54)
A young man is sitting at a desk studying an image on a computer. There are shelves on the desk and a picture above the computer. (55)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (56)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (57)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (58)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (59)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (60)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (61)
A man is jumping into a body of water. The water is calm aside from some small ripples. (62)
A man is jumping into a body of water. He is wearing swimming trunks. (63)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (64)
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans. (65)
A girl is jumping into a swimming pool. The sky is clear and blue. (66)
A tanned girl in bikinis is jumping sideway into the pool. The pool water is sparkling blue. (67)
A girl is playing a musical instrument. There are lots of windows in the background. (68)
Four youth musicians are playing cellos. A storefront window is behind them, with a trombone in the window, and there is an empty table with two pink chairs next to them. (69)
Men are playing basketball. A crowd looks on. (70)
There are men playing basketball. In the background there is a stadium with an audience. (71)
