A man playing electric guitar. Bright light up above. (0)
A man is playing a guitar. A man in white clothes strapped to an instrument is looking at something in the background. (1)
A woman is taking a picture. A woman, a car, a table, and a water bottle are in the background. (2)
A woman is taking a picture of her friend. The picture is black and white. (3)
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed. (4)
A woman is sitting in bed. There is a newspaper on the bed. (5)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (6)
A young woman is reading a newspaper in bed. There's a tall lamp and a picture hanging on the wall. (7)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (8)
There is a young woman reading a newspaper in bed. There are brownish blinds and a wooden lamp with a white shade in the background. (9)
A boy sits on the snow. There are snow covered trees in the background. (10)
There is a child running in the snow. The child is running down hill and the trees are full of snow. (11)
A man in a robe is sitting on a bench reading a book. There is other pedestrians in the park in the background. (12)
A monk is reading a magazine. His robe is a golden color. (13)
A young man types on his laptop computer. There are pens on the desk. (14)
A guy is typing on his laptop. His desk has an assortment of materials on it with a closet door in the background. (15)
There is an Asian man playing a violin. He is on a stage next to other artists. (16)
A concert is taking place and two people are playing violin-like instruments. Other musicians are in the background. (17)
A woman is walking her dog. She has a red leash. (18)
A woman is walking a small dog. The floor is a red tile pattern. (19)
A girl is taking a picture of a guy. There is another person in the room and a tequila poster on the wall. (20)
A man is posing for a picture. There is a sign that says Tequila in the background. (21)
A young child is riding a small horse while one man guides the horse and another man watches. They appear to be in a warehouse containing stables. (22)
A boy is sitting on a pony. They are in a horse stall with two other people. (23)
A man is riding a bike. He is hunched over. (24)
A man is riding a bike. He is hunched over. (25)
A person in a biking outfit and a helmet , participating in some type of competition.  People along the side of the competition, encouraging the bikers on. (26)
A person in a biking outfit and a helmet , participating in some type of competition.  People along the side of the competition, encouraging the bikers on. (27)
A man in black is riding a race bicycle on a paved road. There are stadium seats with spectators in the background. (28)
A man in black is riding a race bicycle on a paved road. There are stadium seats with spectators in the background. (29)
A woman is running a race. There is another woman running behind her. (30)
A woman running in some kind of race or marathon.  A track with gravel surrounded with a fence and lovely trees all around. (31)
A person standing on a large balcony looking at a very large sphere. A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around. (32)
A person standing on a large balcony looking at a very large sphere. A beautiful view of a large building with many trees , and a very large sphere with trees all around. (33)
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background. (34)
There is a man wearing a red shirt taking a picture of a metallic ball. He is leaning over a concrete wall and there are several bushes in the background. (35)
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background. (36)
A man is taking a picture. There is a huge reflective ball in the background. (37)
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city. (38)
A man is taking a picture from his ledge. He is in a city. (39)
A man is holding a camera that is pointed at the viewer. He is standing on a ledge. (40)
A man is holding a camera that is pointed at the viewer. He is standing on a ledge. (41)
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance. (42)
This is a picture of a man sitting on a ledge outside of a window of a building. There is a street far below and and large buildings in the distance. (43)
A man is taking a picture. People are posing for him. (44)
A family has their picture taken. It is daytime and there is a red hut behind them. (45)
A baby is holding a telephone. There are blankets and a couch in the background of the photograph. (46)
A baby is sleeping with a cellphone next to their right hear. In the background is a person wearing a plaid shirt. (47)
A snowboarder is jumpid in mid air. It is the evening time and the sky is dark. (48)
A man is snowboarding in winter clothes. It is nighttime and there is snow beneath him. (49)
A man is playing the trumpet. The picture is black and white. (50)
The trumpet player is blowing into his instrument. The dark background emphasizes the image. (51)
A woman is standing in a well lit room of a house. There is a coffee table and two chandeliers behind her. (52)
A woman is posing for a picture. There is a light fixture in the background. (53)
A young man is sitting at a desk studying an image on a computer. There are shelves on the desk and a picture above the computer. (54)
A man is sitting in front of his computer in his office. The bookshelves behind him are messy. (55)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (56)
A horse is jumping over bars. There is a dark brick wall in the background. (57)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (58)
A woman wearing a black hat and top is riding a large brown horse that is jumping over two multicolored poles. In the background is a large brick wall and several people. (59)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (60)
A girl is riding a horse. Another person looks on. (61)
A man is jumping into a body of water. He is wearing swimming trunks. (62)
A man is jumping into a body of water. The water is calm aside from some small ripples. (63)
Two men in uniforms running from base to base, playing a baseball game. A beautifully groomed field with chalk lines and a large arena which is filled with fans. (64)
A baseball player is running down the base line. Another member of his team can be seen running behind him. (65)
A tanned girl in bikinis is jumping sideway into the pool. The pool water is sparkling blue. (66)
A girl is jumping into a swimming pool. The sky is clear and blue. (67)
Four youth musicians are playing cellos. A storefront window is behind them, with a trombone in the window, and there is an empty table with two pink chairs next to them. (68)
A girl is playing a musical instrument. There are lots of windows in the background. (69)
There are men playing basketball. In the background there is a stadium with an audience. (70)
Men are playing basketball. A crowd looks on. (71)
